WeChat Privacy Protection Summary
Thank you for using WeChat! We respect your concerns about privacy and appreciate your trust and confidence in us.
Here is a summary of the information contained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). This summary is to help you navigate the Privacy Policy and it is not a substitute for reading everything! You can use the hyperlinks below to jump directly to particular sections in the Privacy Policy.
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO YOU?
This Privacy Policy only applies to you if you are a WeChat user, meaning that you have registered by linking a mobile number that uses an international dialing code other than +86 ("non-Chinese Mainland mobile number").
This Privacy Policy does not apply to you if you are a Weixin user. You are a Weixin user if you have either:
- registered by linking a mobile number that uses international dialing code +86 ("Chinese Mainland mobile number"); or
- contracted with 深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司(Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited) for Weixin.
If you are a Weixin user, you are subject to the Weixin Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin and Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines and not this Privacy Policy.
You can check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by clicking "Me" > "Settings" > "About" and then clicking the link to the "Terms of Service". If you see the WeChat – Terms of Service then you are a WeChat user. If you see the Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin then you are a Weixin user. Alternatively, if you are using the latest version of WeChat, you can also check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by verifying the service name listed in the header at the top of the "Chats" screen. If you see "WeChat" in the header then you are a WeChat user, whereas a Weixin user will see "Weixin" (or "微信" for users viewing in a Chinese language interface).
If you subsequently change your phone number (either from a Chinese Mainland mobile number to a non-Chinese Mainland mobile number, or vice versa) you will be required to convert your account (to either a WeChat or Weixin account, depending on your new phone number). If you convert your Weixin account to a WeChat account, this Privacy Policy applies to you from the date our system records such conversion. If you convert your WeChat account to a Weixin account, this Privacy Policy ceases to apply to you from the date our system records such conversion.
WHAT INFORMATION DO YOU NEED TO PROVIDE WECHAT?
When you register for a WeChat account, we will need your mobile number and an alias. You can further refine and populate your profile with additional information. If you use certain functions available within WeChat (such as posting photos to your Moments), we will process your information to provide these functions. More Information
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use your information to provide WeChat to you, allow you to communicate with other users, allow you to use the features available on WeChat, and to improve and support your WeChat experience. If you are a parent or guardian who has granted permission for your child to use WeChat then we retain the contact information you have provided to ensure we can validate any requests or queries you may have in relation to your child's WeChat account. More Information
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We do not share your information with third parties, except where we need to in order to provide the service (e.g., SMS service providers) or if we are instructed to by a court, authority or compelled by law. We use these third party services solely to process or store your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . Any third party with whom we share user data is required to provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy. More Information
WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
Our servers are located in Singapore and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ("Hong Kong SAR"). We also have support, engineering and other teams that support the provision of WeChat to you, located around the world (including Singapore and the Netherlands), who will have access to your information. Rigorous internal control measures are in place to strictly limit access to your data by designated personnel. More Information
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP HOLD OF YOUR DATA?
How long we retain information for depends on the type of information – for example, log-in data is retained for up to 90 days from the date the data is collected. We do not retain your information for longer than the time period prescribed by law. More Information
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR DATA?
Depending on where you live, you may have special rights over your data and how we can use it. These include how you can access the data, erase the data, restrict how your data can be used, object to our use, and get a copy of your information. More Information
JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC ADDENDA
If you are a user located (as determined by your currently registered mobile number) in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chinese Taiwan, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Japan, Macau SAR, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Türkiye, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States or Vietnam, there are additional jurisdictional-specific terms that may apply to you. You can see these by visiting this page.
HOW WILL WE NOTIFY YOU OF CHANGES?
If there are any significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update it here and notify you before the change becomes effective. More Information
DATA CONTROLLER
- If you are a WeChat user located in the European Economic Area ("the EEA"), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("the UK") or Switzerland: Tencent International Service Europe B.V., a Dutch company, located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands; and
- If you are a WeChat user located outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or the Chinese Mainland: WeChat International Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at dataprotection@wechat.com or via postal mail at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Attention: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department).
Please note that if you are a resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland you have the right to lodge a complaint with your country's data protection authority.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
INTEROPERABILITY WITH WEIXIN
WeChat is interoperable with Weixin, such that you are able to communicate with Weixin users and view one another's Moments and Status posts. You may also be able to use certain features operated by Weixin, in accordance with the applicable terms. You may view the list of features operated by Weixin here. When you interact with a Weixin user (or vice versa), or use or receive notifications or invitations from any feature operated by Weixin, (together “Interoperable Interaction”), we will share your information with Weixin to the extent necessary to facilitate the Interoperable Interaction. Your Interoperable Interactions will also be subject to the Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines.
WECHAT PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 2026-04-07
SUMMARY
Thank you for using WeChat! We respect your concerns about privacy and appreciate your trust and confidence in us.
Here is a summary of the information contained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). This summary is to help you navigate the Privacy Policy and it is not a substitute for reading everything! You can use the hyperlinks below to jump directly to particular sections in the Privacy Policy.
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO YOU?
This Privacy Policy only applies to you if you are a WeChat user, meaning that you have registered by linking a mobile number that uses an international dialing code other than +86 ("non-Chinese Mainland mobile number").
This Privacy Policy does not apply to you if you are a Weixin user. You are a Weixin user if you have either:
- registered by linking a mobile number that uses international dialing code +86 ("Chinese Mainland mobile number"); or
- contracted with 深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司(Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited) for Weixin.
If you are a Weixin user, you are subject to the Weixin Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin and Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines and not this Privacy Policy.
You can check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by clicking "Me" > "Settings" > "About" and then clicking the link to the "Terms of Service". If you see the WeChat – Terms of Service then you are a WeChat user. If you see the Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin then you are a Weixin user. Alternatively, if you are using the latest version of WeChat, you can also check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by verifying the service name listed in the header at the top of the "Chats" screen. If you see "WeChat" in the header then you are a WeChat user, whereas a Weixin user will see "Weixin" (or "微信" for users viewing in a Chinese language interface).
If you subsequently change your phone number (either from a Chinese Mainland mobile number to a non-Chinese Mainland mobile number, or vice versa) you will be required to convert your account (to either a WeChat or Weixin account, depending on your new phone number). If you convert your Weixin account to a WeChat account, this Privacy Policy applies to you from the date our system records such conversion. If you convert your WeChat account to a Weixin account, this Privacy Policy ceases to apply to you from the date our system records such conversion.
WHAT INFORMATION DO YOU NEED TO PROVIDE TO WECHAT?
When you register for a WeChat account, we will need your mobile number and an alias. You can further refine and populate your profile with additional information. If you use certain functions available within WeChat (such as posting photos to your Moments), we will process your information to provide these functions. More Information
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use your information to provide WeChat to you, allow you to communicate with other users, allow you to use the features available on WeChat, and to improve and support your WeChat experience. If you are a parent or guardian who has granted permission for a Minor (defined below) to use WeChat, then we retain the contact information you have provided to ensure we can validate any requests or queries you may have in relation to the Minor's WeChat account. More Information
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We do not share your information with third parties, except where we need to in order to provide the service (e.g., SMS service providers) or if we are instructed to by a court, authority or compelled by law. We use these third party services solely to process or store your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . Any third party with whom we share user data is required to provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy. More Information
WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
Our servers are located in Singapore or, for users located in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong SAR”) and the Macao Special Administrative Region (“Macao SAR”), in Hong Kong SAR. We also have support, engineering and other teams that support the provision of WeChat to you, located around the world, who will have access to your information. Rigorous internal control measures are in place to strictly limit access to your data by designated personnel. More Information
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP HOLD OF YOUR DATA?
How long we retain information for depends on the type of information. We do not retain your information for longer than the time period prescribed by law. More Information
AGE RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL/GUARDIAN CONTROLS
Subject to applicable laws, we do not allow individuals under the age of 13 (or such other applicable age threshold under relevant local laws) (“Minor”) to use WeChat without first obtaining parental/guardian consent to and acknowledgment of this Privacy Policy (both for themselves and on behalf of the Minor). More Information
If you are a parent, guardian or other person with parental responsibility and want to know more about available controls and restrictions applicable to the access and use of WeChat by a Minor you are responsible for, please access the WeChat Guardian Mode Terms of Use here.
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR DATA?
Depending on where you live, you may have special rights over your data and how we can use it. These include how you can access the data, erase the data, restrict how your data can be used, object to our use, and get a copy of your information. More Information
JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC ADDENDA
If you are a user located (as determined by your currently registered mobile number) in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Japan, Macao SAR, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Türkiye, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States or Vietnam, there are additional jurisdictional-specific terms that may apply to you. You can see these by visiting this page.
HOW WILL WE NOTIFY YOU OF CHANGES?
If there are any significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update it here and notify you before the change becomes effective. More Information
DATA CONTROLLER
- If you are a WeChat user located in the European Economic Area ("the EEA"), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("the UK") or Switzerland: Tencent International Service Europe B.V., a Dutch company, located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, will be your data controller; and
- If you are a WeChat user located outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or the Chinese Mainland: WeChat International Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903, will be your data controller.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, please contact our Data Protection Officer via our form here or via postal mail at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Attention: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department).
If you are an agent or official of a regulatory authority and have a specific data and privacy regulatory inquiry, please contact us here.
Please note that if you are a resident in the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or Brazil you have the right to lodge a complaint with your country's data protection authority.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
INTEROPERABILITY WITH WEIXIN
WeChat is interoperable with Weixin, such that you are able to communicate with Weixin users and view one another's Moments and Status posts. You may also be able to use certain features operated by Weixin, in accordance with the applicable terms. You may view the list of features operated by Weixin here. When you interact with a Weixin user (or vice versa), or use or receive notifications or invitations from any feature operated by Weixin, (together “Interoperable Interaction”), we will share your information with Weixin, which processes it in the Chinese Mainland to the extent necessary to facilitate such Interoperable Interaction. Your Interoperable Interaction will also be subject to the Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines.
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to WeChat!
When you use the WeChat mobile app, desktop app, or the websites www.wechat.com or help.wechat.com (together, "WeChat"), certain of your Personal Information (defined below) will be collected and processed by us.
This Privacy Policy explains the when, how and why when it comes to processing of your Personal Information in connection with WeChat, and sets out your choices and rights in relation to that Personal Information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to WeChat. If you use any other products or services please refer to the privacy policy for that particular product or service.
If you do not agree to the processing of your personal information in the way this Privacy Policy describes, please do not provide your information when requested and stop using WeChat. By using WeChat you are acknowledging how we process your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
In this Privacy Policy, "we", "our" or "us" refers to:
- if you are a WeChat user located (as determined by your currently registered mobile number) in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland: Tencent International Service Europe B.V., a Dutch company, located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands; and
- if you are a WeChat user located outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or the Chinese Mainland: WeChat International Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
Each of the above entities is also the data controller for users located in the abovementioned jurisdictions.
Any capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as the equivalent defined terms in the WeChat Terms of Service, unless they are defined otherwise in this Privacy Policy or in the Jurisdiction-Specific Addenda.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, please contact our Data Protection Officer via our form here or via postal mail at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Attention: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department). We have representatives for data protection purposes listed here.
If you are an agent or official of a regulatory authority and have a specific data and privacy regulatory inquiry, please contact us here.
Please note that if you are a resident in the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or Brazil you have the right to lodge a complaint with your country's data protection authority.
2. SCOPE AND APPLICATION
This Privacy Policy only applies to you if you are a WeChat user.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to you if you are a Weixin user. You are a Weixin user if you had either:
- registered by linking a Chinese Mainland mobile number; or
- contracted with 深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司 (Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited) for Weixin.
If you are a Weixin user, you are subject to the Weixin Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin and Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines and not this Privacy Policy.
You can check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by clicking "Me" > "Settings" > "About" and then clicking the link to the "Terms of Service". If you see the WeChat – Terms of Service then you are a WeChat user. If you see the Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin then you are a Weixin user. Alternatively, if you are using the latest version of WeChat, you can also check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by verifying the service name listed in the header at the top of the "Chats" screen. If you see "WeChat" in the header then you are a WeChat user, whereas a Weixin user will see "Weixin" (or "微信" for users viewing in a Chinese language interface).
If you subsequently change your phone number (either from a Chinese Mainland mobile number to a non-Chinese Mainland mobile number, or vice versa) you will be required to convert your account (to either a WeChat or Weixin account, depending on your new phone number). If you convert your Weixin account to a WeChat account, this Privacy Policy applies to you from the date our system records such conversion. If you convert your WeChat account to a Weixin account, this Privacy Policy ceases to apply to you from the date our system records such conversion.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected by third party services that you may access through the WeChat platform (e.g., features operated by Weixin such as Advanced Search, Channels, Top Stories, and WeBeans; Weixin Open Platform services including Official Accounts, Mini Programs, and Weixin Login; Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay; or a third-party web site viewed via the internal browser), and Personal Information that you choose to share with a Weixin user. Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. For more information, please see the section entitled "Who do we share your data with?" below.
If you are using WeChat on behalf of a company, partnership, association, government or other organization (your "Organization"), you agree to notify such persons in your Organization whose Personal Information (defined below) we collect or you provide to us ("Connected Persons"), and you agree to obtain such Connected Persons' consent to the processing of their Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable laws and regulations. When this Privacy Policy refers to "you"or "your", this includes you and any Connected Persons. If you or any Connected Persons would like to request for your Personal Information to be removed from our database, please contact us via our form here.
3. DEFINITIONS
"Location Data" is information that is derived from your GPS (GPS coordinates), WiFi (approximate city location), IP address (country location), or public posts that contain location information (the location you geo-tag). Location Data will be disclosed (either to us, to other users, or both):
- when you use location-based features and when you share your location with other WeChat and/or Weixin users; and
- when you access WeChat, we automatically derive Location Data from your IP address, device, or internet service for security purposes including to prevent fraudulent log-ins and connections to your account.
You may disable the collection and use of your location data through device-level settings.
"Log Data" is information that is automatically collected when you use WeChat, including:
- device attributes, such as your mobile carrier and network-related information, your device version and resettable identifiers, configuration information made available by your WeChat mobile app or desktop or web browser, and your IP address;
- information about your viewing history on WeChat, such as social media profiles visited and details of other content accessed or requested by you;
- general information about your communications on WeChat, such as the user that you have communicated with, the time, date and duration of your communications (but not the content of such communications), statistics about your use of WeChat, and traffic data; and
- metadata, which means information related to items you have made available through WeChat, such as the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
"Personal Information" is any information, or combination of information, that relates to you, that can be used (directly or indirectly) to identify you, which we process in connection with your use of WeChat. Please see the section entitled "How do we use your information?" below for examples.
"Shared Information" is information that you include in your publicly-visible WeChat profile, information you make available to other users via WeChat (e.g., via your Moments and Status posts), information about you that is made available by another user via their use of WeChat or Weixin, and Location Data.
This section provides more detail on the types of Personal Information we collect from you, purpose of processing, and retention periods for each type of Personal Information.
Where applicable, it also identifies the legal basis under which we process your data under applicable data protection laws
We do not retain Personal Information for longer than is necessary unless we are required or permitted to do so under applicable laws. We generally retain Personal Information for the retention periods set out below. If we are required to retain your Personal Information beyond the retention periods set out below, for example to comply with applicable laws, we will store it separately from other types of Personal Information. Aggregated registration data (which does not contain Personal Information) is retained for spam prevention and system security purposes. For further details on how long we keep your data, please refer to the retention periods set out below.
| Information | Purpose of Processing | Retention Period |
|---|
| Registration data and log in data. Your name, alias, Apple ID, Facebook ID, IP address, account identifier (WeChat ID), mobile number, region, location as determined by your currently registered mobile number, Facebook account, email address used to register a WeChat account, date of registration, login times, month/year of birth and age status. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to create your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services (including Weixin features, if applicable).
| - To set up your WeChat account and facilitate your log in; - to facilitate communication between users of WeChat and Weixin;
- to facilitate your use of Weixin features;
- to enforce our terms, conditions and policies;
- to place VoIP calls using WeChat;
- to communicate with you to notify you about changes to WeChat;
- to provide you with personalized user support;
- to to provide language and location customization; and
- to administer WeChat and for troubleshooting.
| Registration data and login data is retained until your account is deleted (or for three months thereafter), or until you unlink your WeChat account from your Apple or Facebook account, whichever is earlier. Log in data is retained for no longer than 3 months from the date of such log in.
|
| Registration data and log in data. Same as above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to ensure the security of WeChat and the services to provide a fair and safe environment for users and to improve our services.
| - To develop new and improve existing services as well as the tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of accounts; - to protect any rights, property or safety of ours, our affiliate companies, or other users of WeChat; and
- to conduct data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection and account management purposes.
| Registration data and login data is retained until your account is deleted (or for three months thereafter), or until you unlink your WeChat account from your Apple or Facebook account, whichever is earlier. Log in data is retained for no longer than 3 months from the date of such log in.
|
| Security information for registration and login. Device information, account identifiers and information (including mobile number, email address, nickname, linked social media account, WeChat ID), network and device information at registration/login (e.g. IP address), user account metadata and payment card data.* Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to ensure the security and integrity of our services and to manage account registrations.
*Payment card data is only processed if you choose to verify your account using your payment card.
| To ensure the security and integrity of WeChat, for fraud detection, and account management. | Retained until your account is deleted or 3 months after account deletion. |
| Shared Information – profile data. Any information that you include in your publicly-visible WeChat profile, which includes your WeChat ID, name, gender, region, photo and social media data. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to share your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services.
| - To allow your profile data to be shared with other WeChat and Weixin users; - to allow you to use your WeChat ID to log in to or otherwise connect with third party services;
- to facilitate your use of Weixin features;
- to provide you with personalized user support;
- to provide language and location customization;
- to maintain and administer the WeChat platform; and
- for troubleshooting.
| Retained until you request removal of your Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached on the devices of other users who viewed your information or by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Shared Information – profile data. Same as above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to improve our services and to ensure the security and integrity of our services.
| - To develop new and improve existing services and app experience; and - to conduct data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection and account management.
| Retained until you request removal of your Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached on the devices of other users who viewed your information or by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Shared Information – profile media. This comprises all of the information you make available to other users or information about you that is made available by other WeChat and Weixin users, including Moments and Status posts. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services.
| - To allow your profile media to be shared with other WeChat and Weixin users; - to provide location customization;
- to maintain and administer the WeChat platform; and
- for troubleshooting.
| Retained until you request removal of the Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Shared Information – profile media. Same as above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to improve our services, to maintain a safe environment for users, to ensure the security and integrity of our services and protect users from prohibited conduct.
| - To develop new and improve existing services and app experience; - to conduct data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection, account management; and
- to develop and improve tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of WeChat accounts.
| Retained until you request removal of the Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Information for additional account security (if you choose to secure your account). Password, emergency contacts, managed devices, email address, username and account information (e.g. WeChat ID), mobile number. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and secure your WeChat account.
| To provide additional security for your account. | Retained until you request removal of the information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier. |
| Personal settings. These include personal account settings viewable to you but not shared with other users such as settings to customize your WeChat experience, personal annotations and details that you add to your own account and to your contacts. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to provide you with services customized to your preferences.
| To provide you services customized to your preferences. | Retained until you request removal of the information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier. |
| Chat data. Content of communications between you and another user or group of users. We do not permanently retain chat data on our servers and it only passes through our servers so that it can be distributed to your intended recipients. Chat data is only stored on your device and the devices of the users that you have sent communications to, unless your recipient adds any of your communications to their Favorites or it is a message that the owner or administrator of your group chat added as a Group Notice. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide the chat services of WeChat.
| To provide our communication service. | Chat messages are deleted from our servers shortly after they are delivered to the recipient's device, and in any event, deleted after 72 hours of you sending them. Chat media such as images, audio, videos, and files are automatically deleted from our servers after 120 hours of you sending them. |
| Contacts and friends list. Your on-device contact list and your WeChat list of group chats and friends list. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat and connect you with your friends.
| - To connect you with other WeChat and Weixin users; - (in relation to your list of group chats and friends list) to develop and improve tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of WeChat accounts; and
- to facilitate your use of WeChat Out.
| Retained until you request removal or amendment of the Personal Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier. |
| Log Data. See definition above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interest to ensure the security of our services, manage registrations and improve our services.
| - For troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud detection, and account management. | Deleted within 3 months from the date of collection. |
| Location Data. See definition above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat location-based services.
Please note that your use of location-based services is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of third party service providers that power the location-based services of such services.
| - To facilitate your use of location-based services such as: • sharing your real time location via chat, which relies on your GPS;
• manually geo-tagging a location in a Moments or Status post;
• People Nearby and Shake, which rely on your GPS;
- for security, fraud detection and account management; and
- to provide language and location customization.
| Location data used to provide location-based features is retained only for as long as necessary to deliver the relevant service. For example: - Location data shared via chat is deleted after 72 hours from the time of your sharing.
- Geo-tagged posts are retained until you delete such post or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier.
- For proximity features, such as People Nearby and Shake, location data is deleted shortly after you exit the function.
Location data used for all other purposes is retained for no longer than 3 months from collection.
|
| Parent/guardian information – for parental/guardian consent. In order to comply with laws protecting Minors, email address and/or payment card information of a parent/guardian is collected to verify parental/guardian consent where a Minor attempts to create a WeChat account, and the payment card information is verified via a third party payment processing service. After a verification request has been performed by the third party payment processing service, WeChat only retains the date of verification and hashed payment card number. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): We process this data in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws.
| To verify parental/guardian consent where a Minor attempts to create a WeChat account. | Retained until the parent/guardian or user requests removal of the payment card information, until the user has reached the age threshold under relevant local laws or until an account deletion request, whichever is earlier. |
| Text for which you request a translation. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you.
| To provide you with translation of the text as requested by you. | Deleted after 24 hours from the translation request. |
| Customer Support Information. Account identifiers and information (including mobile number, email address, nickname, WeChat ID) and communications with and any information that you or other users provide to our customer support team. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and support WeChat.
| - To investigate the issue and provide customized customer support; - to improve existing services and app experience;
- to assist you with account management; and
- for moderation of content or behavior that is prohibited by applicable laws and regulations, or which otherwise violate WeChat's terms of service or other rules applicable to WeChat users.
| Until your account is deleted, unless otherwise required by law. |
| Access tokens. Access tokens that facilitate the linkage of your WeChat account with your third party social media accounts. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services.
| If you connect third party social media accounts to your WeChat account, we process access tokens to facilitate your log ins and your sharing of content between these accounts. | We do not store this. This is accessed momentarily when you link your WeChat account with these third party social media accounts. |
| Country/Region Data. Account identifiers, where you are located (as determined by your IP address and currently registered mobile number). Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services. In the case of advertisements, it is in our legitimate interest to display advertisements to you based on your country/region.
Note that such location-based advertisements are not available to users in the EEA and UK.
| Depending on where you are located, we use this information to comply with local legal requirements, deliver services available in your country/region, and display location-based advertisements to you based on your country/region. | Until your account is deleted, unless otherwise required by law. |
| Data Subject Request Information including the requestor’s email address, information to verify the user’s WeChat account (linked mobile number/email address or WeChat ID), country/region, contents of data subject request and any other information that we may request to confirm the requestor’s identity (if the request is submitted on behalf of the user by a third party). Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
| If a data subject request is submitted, we use this information to confirm your and, if applicable, the requestor’s identity, your rights and to process the request. | We may store this for up to 3 years. |
| ID Verification Information (optional). Unique face ID (hashed), selfie photos, videos and ID information (including any data disclosed in your ID, such as hashed ID photo, hashed name, hashed date of birth, issuing country / nationality, hashed ID number, and ID type). Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): We collect this information with your consent.
Note that this feature is only available in certain jurisdictions.
| To the extent the ID verification feature is available in your jurisdiction and you choose to use this verification method, we use this information to verify your identity and unblock your account and, depending on the jurisdiction, for age verification. ID verification information is stored for the specified periods for troubleshooting and safety purposes. | Selfie and ID image or video, nationality, ID type, and extracted text from the ID such as ID number, name, date of birth: Stored for up to 7 days and deleted immediately after. We may store a hash and a computer-generated signature of the selfie image/video and a hash of the ID photo, a hash of the ID number, a hash of the name on the ID, a hash of the date of birth on the ID, and the nationality and ID type: Stored for up to 2 years.
|
| Operating system push notification tokens. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services.
| If you’ve enabled push notifications for WeChat on your device, we use this information to facilitate such notifications. | Retained for no longer than 3 months from account deletion. |
| WeChat Out data. Information relating to your use of WeChat Out, including WeChat ID, IP address, voice call data (dialed phone number, encrypted voice data), spending history and credit top up transaction records. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services.
Note that this feature is only available in certain jurisdictions.
| We use this to provide you with the WeChat Out feature. | Deleted after the call has ended. |
We may also use your Personal Information to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights under our terms, conditions and policies (including the WeChat Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy).
We may also pseudonymize or aggregate Personal Information for analytical purposes. This helps us develop new and improve existing services, conduct fraud detection and account safety analysis, analyze usage trends, and provide third party service providers with basic statistics about how their service is being used by WeChat users.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
In some jurisdictions, certain types of Personal Information, such as information about your race, religious, political or philosophical views, sexual orientation, and health, are characterized as sensitive and are subject to stricter regulation than other types of Personal Information.
WeChat does not require you to provide sensitive Personal Information to use the service. By posting or communicating any sensitive Personal Information within WeChat, you consent to such information being available within the privacy controls you have selected.
SHARED INFORMATION
WeChat has features that allow users to publish Shared Information. You can control which Shared Information is made public to other users of WeChat and Weixin via the privacy settings in WeChat. After you delete Shared Information, it may still be separately cached, copied, or stored by, or remain public through, other users or third parties who are not affiliated with and not controlled by us. Please consider carefully what you post and communicate through WeChat.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR CONTENT
If any of your Personal Information comprises Your Content (as defined in the WeChat Terms of Service), we and our affiliate companies may (subject to this Privacy Policy) use such Personal Information in accordance with the "Your Content" section of the WeChat Terms of Service. Your Content will be processed to ensure compliance with the WeChat Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy and Community Guidelines.
WECHAT GUARDIAN MODE FUNCTION
All WeChat users will be able to use the WeChat Guardian Mode function, under which certain options for sending and receiving friend requests and visibility of Moments shared to non-friends will be restricted. WeChat Guardian Mode also enables the designation of an individual (called a "Guardian") who will have the ability to impose restrictions on a specific user's use of WeChat by suspending or restricting specific functions such as Official Accounts and Mini Programs. In certain jurisdictions, WeChat Guardian Mode function is activated by default for Minors and cannot be turned off until such Minors reach the age of an adult in such jurisdictions.
For a complete list of the relevant functions and more information in relation to the WeChat Guardian Mode function, including available controls and restrictions applicable to the access and use of WeChat by Minors, please refer to the function's terms of use available here. We will not collect personal information of those functions that have been restricted as part of the WeChat Guardian Mode, for the duration that such relevant restrictions are active.
5. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We will not transfer your Personal Information to third parties except as specified below, or where you consent to such transfer.
Only where necessary will we share your information with selected recipients, including:
- related group companies. We share your Personal Information within our group of companies, for the purposes of providing WeChat to you, assisting us in carrying out the purposes set out under the section entitled "How do we use your information?". These related group companies include Tencent International Service Europe B.V. (located in the Netherlands), WeChat International Pte. Ltd. (located in Singapore) and, to facilitate your Interoperable Interaction (see below) and for remote technical support purposes, Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited (located in the Chinese Mainland), as well as additional service providers, including Tencent Cloud International Pte. Ltd. (located in Singapore) and Oriental Power Holdings Limited (located in Hong Kong SAR) for cloud services;
- service providers. We engage service providers to supply various services to support or improve WeChat. In addition to our related group companies, we also use certain third party service providers, including Adyen N.V. (for payment card processing and verification services) and MessageBird B.V. (for SMS services) in the Netherlands, Twilio Inc. (for SMS services) in the United States, and community standards, customer support service providers in Malaysia and an identity verification support service provider in the United States. The types of services provided may include SMS, VOIP, payment card processing and verification, translation, location and mapping, customer service, account data labelling and safety assurance (where applicable), content delivery and identity verification services. These service providers are required to provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy and are prohibited from retaining, using, or disclosing your information except as necessary to provide services to us;
- third party services. When you:- log in to WeChat using third party authentication services;
- share content from WeChat to third party services;
- share content on WeChat from third party services;
- log in to platforms of third party services using WeChat account;
- access content of non-Weixin third party services from WeChat; or
- link your WeChat contact list with your list on third party services,
we may receive information about you from such third party services and/or share your information with such third party services.
Third party services may collect information (including personal information and log data), and set cookies on your device. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by us, and does not apply to information collected by third parties.
| Interoperability with Weixin |
|---|
| WeChat is interoperable with Weixin, such that you are able to communicate with Weixin users and view one another's Moments and Status posts, in accordance with the applicable terms. You may also be able to use certain features operated by Weixin. You may view the list of features operated by Weixin here. When you interact with a Weixin user (or vice versa), or use or receive notifications or invitations from any feature operated by Weixin, (together “Interoperable Interaction”), we will share your information with Weixin, which processes it in the Chinese Mainland to the extent necessary to facilitate the Interoperable Interaction. Your Interoperable Interaction will also be subject to the Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines.
Official Accounts and Mini Programs accessible via WeChat are developed, operated, and owned by third parties unrelated to WeChat (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Official Account or Mini Program). When you interact with such Official Accounts and Mini Programs, your information will also be collected, retained, shared and/or stored by the relevant Official Account or Mini Program in accordance with their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.
|
| If available in your jurisdiction, you may be able to access Weixin Pay and WeChat Pay via the WeChat platform. Due to regulatory requirements, Weixin Pay and WeChat Pay are operated by different licensed entities in different jurisdictions. When you use any of the Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay payment services, your information will be collected, retained, shared and/or stored by the relevant Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay entity and/or their affiliates in accordance with their respective privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy. We will also share your information with these entities to the extent necessary to facilitate your use of these services. |
You can control which third parties have access to your information and you can withdraw your agreement to the sharing of your information by following the instructions set out here. Please note however that if you ask us not to share your information with certain third parties, you may no longer be able to use those third party services;
- third parties or related group companies in the event of a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, we will transfer your information to such entity accordingly so that your service can continue. Under these circumstances, we will always require the third parties or related group companies to comply with this Privacy Policy;
- government, public, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement bodies or authorities. There are circumstances in which we are legally required to disclose your information, including (i) to comply with a legal obligation or request, such as a court order, subpoena or other legal process, (ii) to enforce our terms, (iii) to address issues relating to security or fraud, or (iv) where there is an imminent emergency involving risk of death, serious physical injury to a person or any risk of harm to a Minor, and in both cases, provided that the requesting entity has valid jurisdiction to obtain your Personal Information. Our Law Enforcement Data Request Guidelines are available here; and
- third parties pursuant to your request, for example, pursuant to your data portability request.
6. WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
WeChat is a global platform. Our engineering, technical, and other support teams are based in our offices around the world, and may have incidental access to certain of your information, for example, in order to fix technical issues that you report and cannot be fixed without their help.
The Personal Information that we collect from you will be stored on our servers in Singapore or, for users located in Hong Kong SAR and Macao SAR, in Hong Kong SAR. In limited cases, your Personal Information may also be transferred by us to and processed by our group companies in Singapore as well as accessed remotely from the Chinese Mainland for technical support purposes. Your Personal Information may also be transferred to our third party service providers in the Netherlands (for providing SMS and payment card processing and verification services), Malaysia (for providing community standards and customer support services) and the United States (for providing SMS services).
We rely on the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of Personal Information of EEA users to third countries. For more information, please access this site: https://commission.europa.eu/publications/publications-standard-contractual-clauses-sccs_en.
For transfers of Personal Information of UK users, we rely on the UK International Data Transfer Addendum at this site: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/uk-gdpr-guidance-and-resources/international-transfers/international-data-transfer-agreement-and-guidance/.
You may also contact us via our form here to request copies of the applicable transfer clauses and addendum.
We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your Personal Information no matter where it is stored or accessed. We protect your Personal Information through the use of information security and access policies that limit unauthorized access to our systems, and technological protection measures such as encryption that ensure confidentiality of your Personal Information during transmission and in storage.
We do not permanently retain chat data between you and other users on our servers. Chat data only passes through our servers so that it can be securely distributed to your intended recipients. Chat data is only stored on your device and the devices of the users that you have sent communications to, unless any of you or your recipient adds any of your communications, shares the relevant chat externally such as by saving it to Favorites or including the chat history when reporting a chat for abuse, or when the administrator of your group chat has added a Group Notice, in which case the Group Notice will be retained so it can be accessed by group members in the future.
Although we will implement and maintain reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information, please note that as any transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure.
8. COMMUNICATIONS FROM US
We may send you service-related announcements via WeChat, email, or SMS when necessary, such as when we temporarily suspend WeChat for maintenance, or security, or privacy reasons. You may not opt-out from these service-related announcements which are not promotional in nature.
9. AGE RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL/GUARDIAN CONTROLS
Subject to applicable laws, we do not allow Minors (individuals under the age of 13 or such applicable age threshold under relevant local laws) to use WeChat without first obtaining parental/guardian consent to and acknowledgment of this Privacy Policy (both for themselves and on behalf of the Minor). In certain jurisdictions, you may be required to provide your date of birth; we will however only process the year and month of your birth. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any Minor without such consent and acknowledgment. Please contact our Data Protection Officer if you believe we have any Personal Information from any Minor without such parental/guardian consent and acknowledgment so that we can promptly investigate and remove such Personal Information.
After providing such consent and acknowledgment, the parent/guardian can request review or deletion of the Minor’s Personal Information, or revoke any prior consent to any further collection or use of the Minor’s Personal Information, by contacting our Data Protection Officer as described under the “Contact Us” section above.
10. YOUR RIGHTS
This section only applies to users located in a Relevant Jurisdiction, unless otherwise specified.
If you are a user located in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Japan, Macao SAR, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Türkiye, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States and Vietnam, the terms set out under the name of your jurisdiction in this page may apply to you in addition to the terms set out in our Privacy Policy.
You may have certain rights in relation to the Personal Information we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances (as set out in more detail below). Please note that in order to protect your information, we will need to verify your identity before responding to any request to exercise your rights ("DSR Request"). To exercise any of your rights, please complete the request form here.
Access & Correction
You have the right to request access to your Personal Information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with. We may not be able to provide you with certain Personal Information if providing it to you would interfere with another person's rights (e.g. where providing the Personal Information we hold about you would reveal information about another person).
You can access a copy of personal data we collect about you on WeChat by using our "Export Personal Data" tool within WeChat. To do this, you can go to the "Me" > "Settings" > "My Information & Authorizations" and select "Export Personal Data". This includes the categories of personal data we collect, including personal account data, contacts data, data from your use of Moments, data related to your favorites, and location and log-in data. For more information on exporting your data, please visit our FAQ for Data Export located in the WeChat Help Center.
You also have the right to correct that information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
You can access and correct your Personal Information by logging into your WeChat account at any time. For example, you can delete certain Location Data via your device settings or the "Clear Location" option within WeChat.
If you want us to correct your Personal Information that you are unable to correct using your account, please complete the request form here.
Where we agree to correct your Personal Information, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can rectify the Personal Information too.
Erasure
You can delete your account, or remove certain Personal Information, by logging into your WeChat account and following the account deletion instructions here. Subsequent to account deletion, aggregated registration data is retained for spam prevention and systems security purposes.
Note that we will not be able to delete your account if you have a positive balance in your Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay account or are the administrator of an Official Account or Mini Program.
If there is any other Personal Information you believe we process that you would like us to erase, please complete the request form here.
You may request that we erase the Personal Information we hold about you where:
- you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold your Personal Information;
- we obtained your consent to process the Personal Information and you withdraw that consent (and we have no other valid legal grounds for processing the Personal Information);
- you believe we are unlawfully processing your Personal Information; or
- you are or were a Minor when we collected the Personal Information and we can verify this.
You may exercise your right to restrict our processing your Personal Information (as described below) whilst we consider a request to erase your data.
We may retain the Personal Information if there are valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims, freedom of expression or some other legal obligation) but we will let you know if that is the case.
Where you have requested that we erase your Personal Information that we have made public and there are valid legal grounds for erasure, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can erase it too.
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
You have a right to require us to stop processing your Personal Information other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances. However, we may process it if there are other valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims or for another's protection).
Where we agree to stop processing the Personal Information, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can stop processing it too.
You may request we stop processing and just store the Personal Information we hold about you where:
- you believe the Personal Information is not accurate (for the period it takes for us to verify whether it is accurate);
- we wish to erase the Personal Information as the processing is now unlawful (but you want us to retain the Personal Information and just store it instead); or
- we wish to erase the Personal Information as it is no longer necessary for our purposes (but you require it to be stored for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims).
Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of certain of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This comprises any Personal Information we process on the basis of your consent (e.g., Shared Information and content saved to Favorites) or pursuant to our contract with you (e.g., profile data), as described in the section "How do we use your information?". You can exercise your right to export your data by following the instructions here.
You also have the right to request that we transfer that Personal Information to another party. If you wish for us to transfer the Personal Information to a third party, please ensure you provide details of such party. Note that we can only make such transfers where it is technically feasible. We are not responsible for the security of the Personal Information or its processing once received by the third party.
Objection
You may object to our use of your Personal Information that we use on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g., when we use your Personal Information to ensure account security). If you object to such processing, please complete the request form here.
To the extent provided by applicable laws and regulations, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us by following the instructions set out here.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy. We will update the revised version here along with the "last updated" date, and notify you via WeChat or other means, as appropriate, before the change becomes effective.
12. LANGUAGE
We have provided translations of this Privacy Policy, but in the event of any conflict between the local language version and the English version, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable laws, the English version shall prevail.
Our Representatives in Certain Jurisdictions
| Jurisdiction | Representative | Address | Contact details |
|---|
| Korea | Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa | 152, Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, Korea | Please contact us here |
| Serbia | Karanovic & Partners o.a.d. Beograd | Resavska 23, Belgrade, 11000, Serbia | local.representative@karanovicpartners.com |
| Thailand | Tencent (Thailand) Company Limited | 8 T-One Building, Floor 10th, 11th & 12th (Unit 3-5), Soi Sukhumvit 40, Sukhumvit Road, Khwaeng Phra Khanong, Khet Khlong Toei, Bangkok 10110, Thailand | localrepresentative@tencent.co.th |
| Türkiye | Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı. | Nidakule Ataşehir Kuzey, Begonya Sok. No:3 Kat. 17 D: 162 / 34746 Ataşehir / İstanbul, Türkiye
Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is our data controller representative and its authority is limited to the authorities stipulated under the Law on Protection of Personal Data w. no 6698. Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is not authorized for any other matters such as conduct in WeChat, bans, investigations, civil or criminal complaints.
| tencent@iptech-legal.com |
Addendum for California Residents
This section applies to California residents covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
The CCPA provides California residents with certain legal rights such as access, deletion, disclosure, or “do not sell.” These rights are not absolute and are subject to certain exceptions.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information
Over the past 12 months, through your use of WeChat, we may have collected and disclosed the following categories of Personal Information from or about consumers, as defined in the CCPA:
- Identifiers, such as phone number, name, alias, token, username, IP address, mobile application store user ID, mailing address, emergency contact information, and contact list. This information is collected directly from the consumer or device;
- Geolocation data, including geolocation information derived from GPS coordinates, Wi-Fi access points, IP address, and public posts. This information is collected directly from the consumer or device, and we obtain consumer consent prior to collecting any “precise geolocation” data (as defined under the CCPA), which is considered “sensitive” under the CCPA;
- Internet or other electronic network activity information, including your device model, network type, OS type and version, client version, call history, chat data, invitations data, call credits history, search history, log data, information related to third party accounts that you have linked to WeChat, and survey information. This information is collected directly from a device;
- Commercial information, including payment card information and transaction verification information. This information is collected directly from the consumer or device;
- Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, including a profile picture. This information is collected directly from the consumer; and
- Other information that is described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80, such as nationality and gender (this information is being collected in the consumer context rather than the employer context). This information is collected directly from the consumer.
We collect Personal Information for the following purposes:
- To operate and administer WeChat;
- To communicate with consumers;
- To improve our services;
- For security and verification purposes, including to prevent and detect fraudulent activity; and
- To address and remediate technical issues and bugs.
For additional information about how each type of Personal Information is used and retained, see the main portion of the Privacy Policy.
We may disclose each of the categories of Personal Information identified in the Privacy Policy to the following types of entities:
- Related group companies within our corporate group who process your Personal Information in order to operate the services (as described in the section “Who Do We Share Your Data With” of the Privacy Policy);
- Other companies that provide services on our behalf who are prohibited by contract from retaining, using, or disclosing Personal Information for any purpose other than for providing such services to us;
- Other users of WeChat and Weixin with respect to Personal Information you publicly post through WeChat;
- Official Accounts and Mini Program operators, and other third party services which you choose to use your WeChat account for login;
- Regulators and judicial authorities and law enforcement agencies; and
- Entities that acquire all or substantially all of our business.
We do not sell or share personal information and in the past 12 months, we have not sold or shared personal information of California residents within the meaning of “sold” or “shared” in the CCPA. Further, we do not have actual knowledge that we “sell” or “share” personal information of residents under 16 years of age.
Rights under the CCPA
If you are a California resident and the CCPA does not recognize an exemption that applies to you or your Personal Information, you have the right to:
- Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:- the categories of Personal Information about you that we collected;
- the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected;
- the purpose for collecting Personal Information about you;
- the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you and the categories of Personal Information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the Personal Information about you; and
- the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
- Request we delete Personal Information we collected from you, unless CCPA recognizes an exemption;
- Request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you; and
- Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights including providing a different level or quality of services or deny goods or services to you when you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
We aim to fulfill all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If necessary, extensions for an additional 45 days will be accompanied by an explanation for the delay.
Please note that in order to protect your information, we will need to verify your identity before responding to any request to exercise your rights. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as a government issued ID.
How to Exercise Your Rights
First, you may wish to log into your account and manage your data from there. If you are a California resident to whom the CCPA applies, you may exercise your rights, if any, to other data by contacting us at dataprotection@wechat.com or by submitting a request here.
Under the CCPA, you may exercise these rights yourself or you may designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf by contacting us at dataprotection@wechat.com. For requests by an authorized agent, we may require you to directly verify your identity with us, and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Other U.S. States
This section applies to U.S. residents who live in states that have comprehensive privacy laws similar to the CCPA that apply to us. If you are a California resident, please see the section above, California, for information on your rights in relation to information that we have collected about you.
Sensitive Data Collection
For certain WeChat features, such as sharing of location via chat, geo-tagging a location in Moments and Status, People Nearby and Shake, we may collect geolocation data from U.S. residents that could be considered “precise geolocation data” under applicable U.S. state privacy laws. We do not collect such data without obtaining your consent. We may also collect information from children under the age of 13 who use WeChat, but only after obtaining parental/guardian consent.
Rights under U.S. State Privacy Laws
Depending on the state you live in, you may have some or all of the rights listed below in relation to information that we have collected about you. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law, including in the event you reside in a state that does not currently grant you these rights.
- Right to request that we confirm whether we process information about you and give you access to that information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the information to another business without impediment;
- Right to request that we delete information we maintain about you; and
- Right to request that we correct inaccurate information we maintain about you.
Note that we do not process your information for the purposes of targeted advertising, profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, or selling your information (as all such terms and concepts are defined under applicable U.S. state privacy laws).
How to Exercise Your Rights
You may exercise any of these rights by contacting us at dataprotection@wechat.com or by submitting a request here. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. We may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID. Depending on your location, you may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney document, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Right to Appeal
In addition, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights by contacting us at dataprotection@wechat.com. When you submit a request or launch an appeal, we will limit our collection of your information to only what is necessary to securely fulfil your request or process your appeal. We will not require you or your authorized agent to pay a fee for the verification of your request or appeal.
Republic of Korea
The following section applies for the purposes of users located in Korea only.
Children under the age of 14 must not use WeChat for any purpose without first obtaining parental/guardian consent to the Privacy Policy (both for the parent/guardian themself and on their child's behalf). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any children under the age of 14 without such consent. Please contact our Data Protection Officer if you believe we have any Personal Information from any children under the age of 14 without such parental/guardian consent – we will promptly investigate (and remove) such Personal Information.
The Personal Information (including your personal location information) we provide to third parties located outside of Korea for the WeChat service is as follows:
| Identity of the recipient and contact information of Chief Privacy Officer | Location (and jurisdiction) of the recipient (or as otherwise stated in the recipient's privacy policy) | Purposes of use of Personal Information by the recipient | Items of Personal Information to be provided | Date and method of transfer | Period of retention and use of Personal Information by the recipient |
|---|
| Operators of third party services that allow log in via WeChat Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant third party service for contact information.
| Where the servers of the third party services are located | Access to third party services in accordance with your request | User alias
Profile photo
Gender
Region
| Transmitted from time to time | Retained for such time as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. |
| Adyen N.V. dpo@adyen.com
| The Netherlands | Verifying payment card information in relation to parental/guardian consent | Payment card information | Transmitted from time to time | Retained for such time as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. |
| Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. http://policies.google.com/privacy
| USA | Translation service | Text to be translated | Transmitted from time to time | Retained for such time as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. |
| Microsoft Operations Pte Ltd. https://privacy.microsoft.com
| USA | Translation service | Text to be translated | Transmitted from time to time | Retained for such time as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. |
| Meta Platforms, Inc. https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
| USA | Sharing of Your Moments posts in accordance with your request | Your Moments post to be shared | Transmitted from time to time | Retained for such time as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. |
| PTW (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. dataprivacy@ptw.com
| Singapore and Malaysia | Customer support services | Information as may be necessary to handle your customer support queries | Transmitted from time to time | Retained for such time as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. |
The mandatory retention periods for Personal Information required by law in Korea is as follows:
| Items | Relevant Statute | Retention Period |
|---|
| Records related to entering into and withdrawing from a contract | Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce | 5 years |
| Records related to payment and other supplies of money | Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce | 5 years |
| Records related to consumer complaints and dispute settlement | Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce | 3 years |
| Records related to labelling | Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce | 6 months |
| Service visit logs | Protection of Communications Secrets Act | 3 months |
| Telecommunication logs | Protection of Communications Secrets Act | 12 months |
Destruction of Personal Information
We destroy Personal Information upon the extinguishment of need for such Personal Information, such as the expiration of its retention period and achievement of its purpose for processing, except where there is a law or regulation that requires us to retain that Personal Information. Inactive accounts are automatically deleted after 180 days (except if you have a positive balance in your WeChat Pay or Weixin Pay account or are the administrator of an Official Account or Mini Program).
The destruction procedure of Personal Information (including your personal location information) is as follows:
- Destruction procedure : Personal Information that needs to be destroyed is destroyed in accordance with our data deletion and retention protocols under the supervision of our Data Protection Officer.
- Destruction method : We destroy Personal Information recorded and saved in electronic format via methods such as Low Level Format so as to disable the reproduction thereof; and Personal Information recorded and saved in hardcopy via grinder or incineration.
Domestic Privacy Representative
Pursuant to the Article 32-5 of Act on the Promotion of the Use of the Information Network and Information Protection, the information regarding the domestic agent is as follows:
- Name: Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa
- Address: 152, Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, Korea
- E-mail: dataprotection@wechat.com
Personal Location Information
Purposes for which your personal location information is processed: To provide location information-based services as described in our Terms and Conditions of Location-Based Service.
Period for retaining your personal location information: Retained for the minimum period necessary to provide you with location-based services.
Grounds for retaining the data verifying the collection, use and provision of location information and period of retaining the data: In accordance with Article 16(2) of the Act on the Protection and Use of Location Information ("Location Information Act"), we will automatically record data verifying the collection, use, and provision of location information in a location information system, and preserve the data for 6 months or longer.
Notification under the Article 19(3) of the Location Information Act: After you share your personal location information with a third party, we may be required to notify you of the relevant details (i.e. who will get the information, as well as the date, time and purpose of the sharing) via WeChat or other permitted methods.
Rights of the legal guardian of a child and methods for exercising those rights under the Article 26(1) of the Location Information Act: Where the legal guardian of any of the following persons (hereinafter referred to as "Child"):
- (i) a child of eight years old or younger;
- (ii) a person under adult guardianship; or
- (iii) a person with a mental disorder defined in Article 2(2) 2 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities, classified as a person with a severe disability defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the Act on the Employment Promotion and Vocational Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities (limited to those registered as disabled persons under Article 32 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities);
gives consent to the use or provision of personal location information regarding the child, for the protection of the child's health or safety, we shall deem that the child has consented to such use or provision.
For the protection of the health or safety of the child, the legal guardian who intends to consent to the use or provision of personal location information of the child must submit a written consent to us at dataprotection@wechat.com along with a document proving that he/she is the legal guardian.
The legal guardian can exercise all of the rights of the subject of personal location information if he/she agrees to the use or provision of personal location information for a child.
Contact Information of Location Information Officer:
WECHAT PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 2026-04-07
SUMMARY
Thank you for using WeChat! We respect your concerns about privacy and appreciate your trust and confidence in us.
Here is a summary of the information contained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). This summary is to help you navigate the Privacy Policy and it is not a substitute for reading everything! You can use the hyperlinks below to jump directly to particular sections in the Privacy Policy.
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO YOU?
This Privacy Policy only applies to you if you are a WeChat user, meaning that you have registered by linking a mobile number that uses an international dialing code other than +86 ("non-Chinese Mainland mobile number").
This Privacy Policy does not apply to you if you are a Weixin user. You are a Weixin user if you have either:
- registered by linking a mobile number that uses international dialing code +86 ("Chinese Mainland mobile number"); or
- contracted with 深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司(Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited) for Weixin.
If you are a Weixin user, you are subject to the Weixin Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin and Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines and not this Privacy Policy.
You can check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by clicking "Me" > "Settings" > "About" and then clicking the link to the "Terms of Service". If you see the WeChat – Terms of Service then you are a WeChat user. If you see the Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin then you are a Weixin user. Alternatively, if you are using the latest version of WeChat, you can also check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by verifying the service name listed in the header at the top of the "Chats" screen. If you see "WeChat" in the header then you are a WeChat user, whereas a Weixin user will see "Weixin" (or "微信" for users viewing in a Chinese language interface).
If you subsequently change your phone number (either from a Chinese Mainland mobile number to a non-Chinese Mainland mobile number, or vice versa) you will be required to convert your account (to either a WeChat or Weixin account, depending on your new phone number). If you convert your Weixin account to a WeChat account, this Privacy Policy applies to you from the date our system records such conversion. If you convert your WeChat account to a Weixin account, this Privacy Policy ceases to apply to you from the date our system records such conversion.
WHAT INFORMATION DO YOU NEED TO PROVIDE TO WECHAT?
When you register for a WeChat account, we will need your mobile number and an alias. You can further refine and populate your profile with additional information. If you use certain functions available within WeChat (such as posting photos to your Moments), we will process your information to provide these functions. More Information
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use your information to provide WeChat to you, allow you to communicate with other users, allow you to use the features available on WeChat, and to improve and support your WeChat experience. If you are a parent or guardian who has granted permission for a Minor (defined below) to use WeChat, then we retain the contact information you have provided to ensure we can validate any requests or queries you may have in relation to the Minor's WeChat account. More Information
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We do not share your information with third parties, except where we need to in order to provide the service (e.g., SMS service providers) or if we are instructed to by a court, authority or compelled by law. We use these third party services solely to process or store your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . Any third party with whom we share user data is required to provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy. More Information
WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
Our servers are located in Singapore or, for users located in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong SAR”) and the Macao Special Administrative Region (“Macao SAR”), in Hong Kong SAR. We also have support, engineering and other teams that support the provision of WeChat to you, located around the world, who will have access to your information. Rigorous internal control measures are in place to strictly limit access to your data by designated personnel. More Information
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP HOLD OF YOUR DATA?
How long we retain information for depends on the type of information. We do not retain your information for longer than the time period prescribed by law. More Information
AGE RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL/GUARDIAN CONTROLS
Subject to applicable laws, we do not allow individuals under the age of 13 (or such other applicable age threshold under relevant local laws) (“Minor”) to use WeChat without first obtaining parental/guardian consent to and acknowledgment of this Privacy Policy (both for themselves and on behalf of the Minor). More Information
If you are a parent, guardian or other person with parental responsibility and want to know more about available controls and restrictions applicable to the access and use of WeChat by a Minor you are responsible for, please access the WeChat Guardian Mode Terms of Use here.
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR DATA?
Depending on where you live, you may have special rights over your data and how we can use it. These include how you can access the data, erase the data, restrict how your data can be used, object to our use, and get a copy of your information. More Information
JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC ADDENDA
If you are a user located (as determined by your currently registered mobile number) in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Japan, Macao SAR, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Türkiye, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States or Vietnam, there are additional jurisdictional-specific terms that may apply to you. You can see these by visiting this page.
HOW WILL WE NOTIFY YOU OF CHANGES?
If there are any significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update it here and notify you before the change becomes effective. More Information
DATA CONTROLLER
- If you are a WeChat user located in the European Economic Area ("the EEA"), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("the UK") or Switzerland: Tencent International Service Europe B.V., a Dutch company, located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, will be your data controller; and
- If you are a WeChat user located outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or the Chinese Mainland: WeChat International Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903, will be your data controller.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, please contact our Data Protection Officer via our form here or via postal mail at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Attention: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department).
If you are an agent or official of a regulatory authority and have a specific data and privacy regulatory inquiry, please contact us here.
Please note that if you are a resident in the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or Brazil you have the right to lodge a complaint with your country's data protection authority.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
INTEROPERABILITY WITH WEIXIN
WeChat is interoperable with Weixin, such that you are able to communicate with Weixin users and view one another's Moments and Status posts. You may also be able to use certain features operated by Weixin, in accordance with the applicable terms. You may view the list of features operated by Weixin here. When you interact with a Weixin user (or vice versa), or use or receive notifications or invitations from any feature operated by Weixin, (together “Interoperable Interaction”), we will share your information with Weixin, which processes it in the Chinese Mainland to the extent necessary to facilitate such Interoperable Interaction. Your Interoperable Interaction will also be subject to the Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines.
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to WeChat!
When you use the WeChat mobile app, desktop app, or the websites www.wechat.com or help.wechat.com (together, "WeChat"), certain of your Personal Information (defined below) will be collected and processed by us.
This Privacy Policy explains the when, how and why when it comes to processing of your Personal Information in connection with WeChat, and sets out your choices and rights in relation to that Personal Information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to WeChat. If you use any other products or services please refer to the privacy policy for that particular product or service.
If you do not agree to the processing of your personal information in the way this Privacy Policy describes, please do not provide your information when requested and stop using WeChat. By using WeChat you are acknowledging how we process your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
In this Privacy Policy, "we", "our" or "us" refers to:
- if you are a WeChat user located (as determined by your currently registered mobile number) in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland: Tencent International Service Europe B.V., a Dutch company, located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands; and
- if you are a WeChat user located outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or the Chinese Mainland: WeChat International Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
Each of the above entities is also the data controller for users located in the abovementioned jurisdictions.
Any capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as the equivalent defined terms in the WeChat Terms of Service, unless they are defined otherwise in this Privacy Policy or in the Jurisdiction-Specific Addenda.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, please contact our Data Protection Officer via our form here or via postal mail at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Attention: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department). We have representatives for data protection purposes listed here.
If you are an agent or official of a regulatory authority and have a specific data and privacy regulatory inquiry, please contact us here.
Please note that if you are a resident in the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or Brazil you have the right to lodge a complaint with your country's data protection authority.
2. SCOPE AND APPLICATION
This Privacy Policy only applies to you if you are a WeChat user.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to you if you are a Weixin user. You are a Weixin user if you had either:
- registered by linking a Chinese Mainland mobile number; or
- contracted with 深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司 (Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited) for Weixin.
If you are a Weixin user, you are subject to the Weixin Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin and Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines and not this Privacy Policy.
You can check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by clicking "Me" > "Settings" > "About" and then clicking the link to the "Terms of Service". If you see the WeChat – Terms of Service then you are a WeChat user. If you see the Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin then you are a Weixin user. Alternatively, if you are using the latest version of WeChat, you can also check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by verifying the service name listed in the header at the top of the "Chats" screen. If you see "WeChat" in the header then you are a WeChat user, whereas a Weixin user will see "Weixin" (or "微信" for users viewing in a Chinese language interface).
If you subsequently change your phone number (either from a Chinese Mainland mobile number to a non-Chinese Mainland mobile number, or vice versa) you will be required to convert your account (to either a WeChat or Weixin account, depending on your new phone number). If you convert your Weixin account to a WeChat account, this Privacy Policy applies to you from the date our system records such conversion. If you convert your WeChat account to a Weixin account, this Privacy Policy ceases to apply to you from the date our system records such conversion.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected by third party services that you may access through the WeChat platform (e.g., features operated by Weixin such as Advanced Search, Channels, Top Stories, and WeBeans; Weixin Open Platform services including Official Accounts, Mini Programs, and Weixin Login; Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay; or a third-party web site viewed via the internal browser), and Personal Information that you choose to share with a Weixin user. Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. For more information, please see the section entitled "Who do we share your data with?" below.
If you are using WeChat on behalf of a company, partnership, association, government or other organization (your "Organization"), you agree to notify such persons in your Organization whose Personal Information (defined below) we collect or you provide to us ("Connected Persons"), and you agree to obtain such Connected Persons' consent to the processing of their Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable laws and regulations. When this Privacy Policy refers to "you"or "your", this includes you and any Connected Persons. If you or any Connected Persons would like to request for your Personal Information to be removed from our database, please contact us via our form here.
3. DEFINITIONS
"Location Data" is information that is derived from your GPS (GPS coordinates), WiFi (approximate city location), IP address (country location), or public posts that contain location information (the location you geo-tag). Location Data will be disclosed (either to us, to other users, or both):
- when you use location-based features and when you share your location with other WeChat and/or Weixin users; and
- when you access WeChat, we automatically derive Location Data from your IP address, device, or internet service for security purposes including to prevent fraudulent log-ins and connections to your account.
You may disable the collection and use of your location data through device-level settings.
"Log Data" is information that is automatically collected when you use WeChat, including:
- device attributes, such as your mobile carrier and network-related information, your device version and resettable identifiers, configuration information made available by your WeChat mobile app or desktop or web browser, and your IP address;
- information about your viewing history on WeChat, such as social media profiles visited and details of other content accessed or requested by you;
- general information about your communications on WeChat, such as the user that you have communicated with, the time, date and duration of your communications (but not the content of such communications), statistics about your use of WeChat, and traffic data; and
- metadata, which means information related to items you have made available through WeChat, such as the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
"Personal Information" is any information, or combination of information, that relates to you, that can be used (directly or indirectly) to identify you, which we process in connection with your use of WeChat. Please see the section entitled "How do we use your information?" below for examples.
"Shared Information" is information that you include in your publicly-visible WeChat profile, information you make available to other users via WeChat (e.g., via your Moments and Status posts), information about you that is made available by another user via their use of WeChat or Weixin, and Location Data.
This section provides more detail on the types of Personal Information we collect from you, purpose of processing, and retention periods for each type of Personal Information.
Where applicable, it also identifies the legal basis under which we process your data under applicable data protection laws
We do not retain Personal Information for longer than is necessary unless we are required or permitted to do so under applicable laws. We generally retain Personal Information for the retention periods set out below. If we are required to retain your Personal Information beyond the retention periods set out below, for example to comply with applicable laws, we will store it separately from other types of Personal Information. Aggregated registration data (which does not contain Personal Information) is retained for spam prevention and system security purposes. For further details on how long we keep your data, please refer to the retention periods set out below.
| Information | Purpose of Processing | Retention Period |
|---|
| Registration data and log in data. Your name, alias, Apple ID, Facebook ID, IP address, account identifier (WeChat ID), mobile number, region, location as determined by your currently registered mobile number, Facebook account, email address used to register a WeChat account, date of registration, login times, month/year of birth and age status. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to create your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services (including Weixin features, if applicable).
| - To set up your WeChat account and facilitate your log in; - to facilitate communication between users of WeChat and Weixin;
- to facilitate your use of Weixin features;
- to enforce our terms, conditions and policies;
- to place VoIP calls using WeChat;
- to communicate with you to notify you about changes to WeChat;
- to provide you with personalized user support;
- to to provide language and location customization; and
- to administer WeChat and for troubleshooting.
| Registration data and login data is retained until your account is deleted (or for three months thereafter), or until you unlink your WeChat account from your Apple or Facebook account, whichever is earlier. Log in data is retained for no longer than 3 months from the date of such log in.
|
| Registration data and log in data. Same as above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to ensure the security of WeChat and the services to provide a fair and safe environment for users and to improve our services.
| - To develop new and improve existing services as well as the tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of accounts; - to protect any rights, property or safety of ours, our affiliate companies, or other users of WeChat; and
- to conduct data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection and account management purposes.
| Registration data and login data is retained until your account is deleted (or for three months thereafter), or until you unlink your WeChat account from your Apple or Facebook account, whichever is earlier. Log in data is retained for no longer than 3 months from the date of such log in.
|
| Security information for registration and login. Device information, account identifiers and information (including mobile number, email address, nickname, linked social media account, WeChat ID), network and device information at registration/login (e.g. IP address), user account metadata and payment card data.* Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to ensure the security and integrity of our services and to manage account registrations.
*Payment card data is only processed if you choose to verify your account using your payment card.
| To ensure the security and integrity of WeChat, for fraud detection, and account management. | Retained until your account is deleted or 3 months after account deletion. |
| Shared Information – profile data. Any information that you include in your publicly-visible WeChat profile, which includes your WeChat ID, name, gender, region, photo and social media data. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to share your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services.
| - To allow your profile data to be shared with other WeChat and Weixin users; - to allow you to use your WeChat ID to log in to or otherwise connect with third party services;
- to facilitate your use of Weixin features;
- to provide you with personalized user support;
- to provide language and location customization;
- to maintain and administer the WeChat platform; and
- for troubleshooting.
| Retained until you request removal of your Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached on the devices of other users who viewed your information or by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Shared Information – profile data. Same as above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to improve our services and to ensure the security and integrity of our services.
| - To develop new and improve existing services and app experience; and - to conduct data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection and account management.
| Retained until you request removal of your Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached on the devices of other users who viewed your information or by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Shared Information – profile media. This comprises all of the information you make available to other users or information about you that is made available by other WeChat and Weixin users, including Moments and Status posts. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services.
| - To allow your profile media to be shared with other WeChat and Weixin users; - to provide location customization;
- to maintain and administer the WeChat platform; and
- for troubleshooting.
| Retained until you request removal of the Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Shared Information – profile media. Same as above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interests to improve our services, to maintain a safe environment for users, to ensure the security and integrity of our services and protect users from prohibited conduct.
| - To develop new and improve existing services and app experience; - to conduct data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection, account management; and
- to develop and improve tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of WeChat accounts.
| Retained until you request removal of the Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may continue to be cached by third party services and are subject to those providers' own privacy policies). |
| Information for additional account security (if you choose to secure your account). Password, emergency contacts, managed devices, email address, username and account information (e.g. WeChat ID), mobile number. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and secure your WeChat account.
| To provide additional security for your account. | Retained until you request removal of the information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier. |
| Personal settings. These include personal account settings viewable to you but not shared with other users such as settings to customize your WeChat experience, personal annotations and details that you add to your own account and to your contacts. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to provide you with services customized to your preferences.
| To provide you services customized to your preferences. | Retained until you request removal of the information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier. |
| Chat data. Content of communications between you and another user or group of users. We do not permanently retain chat data on our servers and it only passes through our servers so that it can be distributed to your intended recipients. Chat data is only stored on your device and the devices of the users that you have sent communications to, unless your recipient adds any of your communications to their Favorites or it is a message that the owner or administrator of your group chat added as a Group Notice. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide the chat services of WeChat.
| To provide our communication service. | Chat messages are deleted from our servers shortly after they are delivered to the recipient's device, and in any event, deleted after 72 hours of you sending them. Chat media such as images, audio, videos, and files are automatically deleted from our servers after 120 hours of you sending them. |
| Contacts and friends list. Your on-device contact list and your WeChat list of group chats and friends list. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat and connect you with your friends.
| - To connect you with other WeChat and Weixin users; - (in relation to your list of group chats and friends list) to develop and improve tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of WeChat accounts; and
- to facilitate your use of WeChat Out.
| Retained until you request removal or amendment of the Personal Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier. |
| Log Data. See definition above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): It is in our legitimate interest to ensure the security of our services, manage registrations and improve our services.
| - For troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud detection, and account management. | Deleted within 3 months from the date of collection. |
| Location Data. See definition above. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat location-based services.
Please note that your use of location-based services is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of third party service providers that power the location-based services of such services.
| - To facilitate your use of location-based services such as: • sharing your real time location via chat, which relies on your GPS;
• manually geo-tagging a location in a Moments or Status post;
• People Nearby and Shake, which rely on your GPS;
- for security, fraud detection and account management; and
- to provide language and location customization.
| Location data used to provide location-based features is retained only for as long as necessary to deliver the relevant service. For example: - Location data shared via chat is deleted after 72 hours from the time of your sharing.
- Geo-tagged posts are retained until you delete such post or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier.
- For proximity features, such as People Nearby and Shake, location data is deleted shortly after you exit the function.
Location data used for all other purposes is retained for no longer than 3 months from collection.
|
| Parent/guardian information – for parental/guardian consent. In order to comply with laws protecting Minors, email address and/or payment card information of a parent/guardian is collected to verify parental/guardian consent where a Minor attempts to create a WeChat account, and the payment card information is verified via a third party payment processing service. After a verification request has been performed by the third party payment processing service, WeChat only retains the date of verification and hashed payment card number. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): We process this data in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws.
| To verify parental/guardian consent where a Minor attempts to create a WeChat account. | Retained until the parent/guardian or user requests removal of the payment card information, until the user has reached the age threshold under relevant local laws or until an account deletion request, whichever is earlier. |
| Text for which you request a translation. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you.
| To provide you with translation of the text as requested by you. | Deleted after 24 hours from the translation request. |
| Customer Support Information. Account identifiers and information (including mobile number, email address, nickname, WeChat ID) and communications with and any information that you or other users provide to our customer support team. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and support WeChat.
| - To investigate the issue and provide customized customer support; - to improve existing services and app experience;
- to assist you with account management; and
- for moderation of content or behavior that is prohibited by applicable laws and regulations, or which otherwise violate WeChat's terms of service or other rules applicable to WeChat users.
| Until your account is deleted, unless otherwise required by law. |
| Access tokens. Access tokens that facilitate the linkage of your WeChat account with your third party social media accounts. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services.
| If you connect third party social media accounts to your WeChat account, we process access tokens to facilitate your log ins and your sharing of content between these accounts. | We do not store this. This is accessed momentarily when you link your WeChat account with these third party social media accounts. |
| Country/Region Data. Account identifiers, where you are located (as determined by your IP address and currently registered mobile number). Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services. In the case of advertisements, it is in our legitimate interest to display advertisements to you based on your country/region.
Note that such location-based advertisements are not available to users in the EEA and UK.
| Depending on where you are located, we use this information to comply with local legal requirements, deliver services available in your country/region, and display location-based advertisements to you based on your country/region. | Until your account is deleted, unless otherwise required by law. |
| Data Subject Request Information including the requestor’s email address, information to verify the user’s WeChat account (linked mobile number/email address or WeChat ID), country/region, contents of data subject request and any other information that we may request to confirm the requestor’s identity (if the request is submitted on behalf of the user by a third party). Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
| If a data subject request is submitted, we use this information to confirm your and, if applicable, the requestor’s identity, your rights and to process the request. | We may store this for up to 3 years. |
| ID Verification Information (optional). Unique face ID (hashed), selfie photos, videos and ID information (including any data disclosed in your ID, such as hashed ID photo, hashed name, hashed date of birth, issuing country / nationality, hashed ID number, and ID type). Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): We collect this information with your consent.
Note that this feature is only available in certain jurisdictions.
| To the extent the ID verification feature is available in your jurisdiction and you choose to use this verification method, we use this information to verify your identity and unblock your account and, depending on the jurisdiction, for age verification. ID verification information is stored for the specified periods for troubleshooting and safety purposes. | Selfie and ID image or video, nationality, ID type, and extracted text from the ID such as ID number, name, date of birth: Stored for up to 7 days and deleted immediately after. We may store a hash and a computer-generated signature of the selfie image/video and a hash of the ID photo, a hash of the ID number, a hash of the name on the ID, a hash of the date of birth on the ID, and the nationality and ID type: Stored for up to 2 years.
|
| Operating system push notification tokens. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services.
| If you’ve enabled push notifications for WeChat on your device, we use this information to facilitate such notifications. | Retained for no longer than 3 months from account deletion. |
| WeChat Out data. Information relating to your use of WeChat Out, including WeChat ID, IP address, voice call data (dialed phone number, encrypted voice data), spending history and credit top up transaction records. Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only): Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services.
Note that this feature is only available in certain jurisdictions.
| We use this to provide you with the WeChat Out feature. | Deleted after the call has ended. |
We may also use your Personal Information to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights under our terms, conditions and policies (including the WeChat Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy).
We may also pseudonymize or aggregate Personal Information for analytical purposes. This helps us develop new and improve existing services, conduct fraud detection and account safety analysis, analyze usage trends, and provide third party service providers with basic statistics about how their service is being used by WeChat users.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
In some jurisdictions, certain types of Personal Information, such as information about your race, religious, political or philosophical views, sexual orientation, and health, are characterized as sensitive and are subject to stricter regulation than other types of Personal Information.
WeChat does not require you to provide sensitive Personal Information to use the service. By posting or communicating any sensitive Personal Information within WeChat, you consent to such information being available within the privacy controls you have selected.
SHARED INFORMATION
WeChat has features that allow users to publish Shared Information. You can control which Shared Information is made public to other users of WeChat and Weixin via the privacy settings in WeChat. After you delete Shared Information, it may still be separately cached, copied, or stored by, or remain public through, other users or third parties who are not affiliated with and not controlled by us. Please consider carefully what you post and communicate through WeChat.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR CONTENT
If any of your Personal Information comprises Your Content (as defined in the WeChat Terms of Service), we and our affiliate companies may (subject to this Privacy Policy) use such Personal Information in accordance with the "Your Content" section of the WeChat Terms of Service. Your Content will be processed to ensure compliance with the WeChat Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy and Community Guidelines.
WECHAT GUARDIAN MODE FUNCTION
All WeChat users will be able to use the WeChat Guardian Mode function, under which certain options for sending and receiving friend requests and visibility of Moments shared to non-friends will be restricted. WeChat Guardian Mode also enables the designation of an individual (called a "Guardian") who will have the ability to impose restrictions on a specific user's use of WeChat by suspending or restricting specific functions such as Official Accounts and Mini Programs. In certain jurisdictions, WeChat Guardian Mode function is activated by default for Minors and cannot be turned off until such Minors reach the age of an adult in such jurisdictions.
For a complete list of the relevant functions and more information in relation to the WeChat Guardian Mode function, including available controls and restrictions applicable to the access and use of WeChat by Minors, please refer to the function's terms of use available here. We will not collect personal information of those functions that have been restricted as part of the WeChat Guardian Mode, for the duration that such relevant restrictions are active.
5. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We will not transfer your Personal Information to third parties except as specified below, or where you consent to such transfer.
Only where necessary will we share your information with selected recipients, including:
- related group companies. We share your Personal Information within our group of companies, for the purposes of providing WeChat to you, assisting us in carrying out the purposes set out under the section entitled "How do we use your information?". These related group companies include Tencent International Service Europe B.V. (located in the Netherlands), WeChat International Pte. Ltd. (located in Singapore) and, to facilitate your Interoperable Interaction (see below) and for remote technical support purposes, Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited (located in the Chinese Mainland), as well as additional service providers, including Tencent Cloud International Pte. Ltd. (located in Singapore) and Oriental Power Holdings Limited (located in Hong Kong SAR) for cloud services;
- service providers. We engage service providers to supply various services to support or improve WeChat. In addition to our related group companies, we also use certain third party service providers, including Adyen N.V. (for payment card processing and verification services) and MessageBird B.V. (for SMS services) in the Netherlands, Twilio Inc. (for SMS services) in the United States, and community standards, customer support service providers in Malaysia and an identity verification support service provider in the United States. The types of services provided may include SMS, VOIP, payment card processing and verification, translation, location and mapping, customer service, account data labelling and safety assurance (where applicable), content delivery and identity verification services. These service providers are required to provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy and are prohibited from retaining, using, or disclosing your information except as necessary to provide services to us;
- third party services. When you:- log in to WeChat using third party authentication services;
- share content from WeChat to third party services;
- share content on WeChat from third party services;
- log in to platforms of third party services using WeChat account;
- access content of non-Weixin third party services from WeChat; or
- link your WeChat contact list with your list on third party services,
we may receive information about you from such third party services and/or share your information with such third party services.
Third party services may collect information (including personal information and log data), and set cookies on your device. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by us, and does not apply to information collected by third parties.
| Interoperability with Weixin |
|---|
| WeChat is interoperable with Weixin, such that you are able to communicate with Weixin users and view one another's Moments and Status posts, in accordance with the applicable terms. You may also be able to use certain features operated by Weixin. You may view the list of features operated by Weixin here. When you interact with a Weixin user (or vice versa), or use or receive notifications or invitations from any feature operated by Weixin, (together “Interoperable Interaction”), we will share your information with Weixin, which processes it in the Chinese Mainland to the extent necessary to facilitate the Interoperable Interaction. Your Interoperable Interaction will also be subject to the Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines.
Official Accounts and Mini Programs accessible via WeChat are developed, operated, and owned by third parties unrelated to WeChat (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Official Account or Mini Program). When you interact with such Official Accounts and Mini Programs, your information will also be collected, retained, shared and/or stored by the relevant Official Account or Mini Program in accordance with their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.
|
| If available in your jurisdiction, you may be able to access Weixin Pay and WeChat Pay via the WeChat platform. Due to regulatory requirements, Weixin Pay and WeChat Pay are operated by different licensed entities in different jurisdictions. When you use any of the Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay payment services, your information will be collected, retained, shared and/or stored by the relevant Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay entity and/or their affiliates in accordance with their respective privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy. We will also share your information with these entities to the extent necessary to facilitate your use of these services. |
You can control which third parties have access to your information and you can withdraw your agreement to the sharing of your information by following the instructions set out here. Please note however that if you ask us not to share your information with certain third parties, you may no longer be able to use those third party services;
- third parties or related group companies in the event of a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, we will transfer your information to such entity accordingly so that your service can continue. Under these circumstances, we will always require the third parties or related group companies to comply with this Privacy Policy;
- government, public, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement bodies or authorities. There are circumstances in which we are legally required to disclose your information, including (i) to comply with a legal obligation or request, such as a court order, subpoena or other legal process, (ii) to enforce our terms, (iii) to address issues relating to security or fraud, or (iv) where there is an imminent emergency involving risk of death, serious physical injury to a person or any risk of harm to a Minor, and in both cases, provided that the requesting entity has valid jurisdiction to obtain your Personal Information. Our Law Enforcement Data Request Guidelines are available here; and
- third parties pursuant to your request, for example, pursuant to your data portability request.
6. WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
WeChat is a global platform. Our engineering, technical, and other support teams are based in our offices around the world, and may have incidental access to certain of your information, for example, in order to fix technical issues that you report and cannot be fixed without their help.
The Personal Information that we collect from you will be stored on our servers in Singapore or, for users located in Hong Kong SAR and Macao SAR, in Hong Kong SAR. In limited cases, your Personal Information may also be transferred by us to and processed by our group companies in Singapore as well as accessed remotely from the Chinese Mainland for technical support purposes. Your Personal Information may also be transferred to our third party service providers in the Netherlands (for providing SMS and payment card processing and verification services), Malaysia (for providing community standards and customer support services) and the United States (for providing SMS services).
We rely on the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of Personal Information of EEA users to third countries. For more information, please access this site: https://commission.europa.eu/publications/publications-standard-contractual-clauses-sccs_en.
For transfers of Personal Information of UK users, we rely on the UK International Data Transfer Addendum at this site: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/uk-gdpr-guidance-and-resources/international-transfers/international-data-transfer-agreement-and-guidance/.
You may also contact us via our form here to request copies of the applicable transfer clauses and addendum.
We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your Personal Information no matter where it is stored or accessed. We protect your Personal Information through the use of information security and access policies that limit unauthorized access to our systems, and technological protection measures such as encryption that ensure confidentiality of your Personal Information during transmission and in storage.
We do not permanently retain chat data between you and other users on our servers. Chat data only passes through our servers so that it can be securely distributed to your intended recipients. Chat data is only stored on your device and the devices of the users that you have sent communications to, unless any of you or your recipient adds any of your communications, shares the relevant chat externally such as by saving it to Favorites or including the chat history when reporting a chat for abuse, or when the administrator of your group chat has added a Group Notice, in which case the Group Notice will be retained so it can be accessed by group members in the future.
Although we will implement and maintain reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information, please note that as any transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure.
8. COMMUNICATIONS FROM US
We may send you service-related announcements via WeChat, email, or SMS when necessary, such as when we temporarily suspend WeChat for maintenance, or security, or privacy reasons. You may not opt-out from these service-related announcements which are not promotional in nature.
9. AGE RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL/GUARDIAN CONTROLS
Subject to applicable laws, we do not allow Minors (individuals under the age of 13 or such applicable age threshold under relevant local laws) to use WeChat without first obtaining parental/guardian consent to and acknowledgment of this Privacy Policy (both for themselves and on behalf of the Minor). In certain jurisdictions, you may be required to provide your date of birth; we will however only process the year and month of your birth. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any Minor without such consent and acknowledgment. Please contact our Data Protection Officer if you believe we have any Personal Information from any Minor without such parental/guardian consent and acknowledgment so that we can promptly investigate and remove such Personal Information.
After providing such consent and acknowledgment, the parent/guardian can request review or deletion of the Minor’s Personal Information, or revoke any prior consent to any further collection or use of the Minor’s Personal Information, by contacting our Data Protection Officer as described under the “Contact Us” section above.
10. YOUR RIGHTS
This section only applies to users located in a Relevant Jurisdiction, unless otherwise specified.
If you are a user located in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Japan, Macao SAR, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Türkiye, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States and Vietnam, the terms set out under the name of your jurisdiction in this page may apply to you in addition to the terms set out in our Privacy Policy.
You may have certain rights in relation to the Personal Information we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances (as set out in more detail below). Please note that in order to protect your information, we will need to verify your identity before responding to any request to exercise your rights ("DSR Request"). To exercise any of your rights, please complete the request form here.
Access & Correction
You have the right to request access to your Personal Information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with. We may not be able to provide you with certain Personal Information if providing it to you would interfere with another person's rights (e.g. where providing the Personal Information we hold about you would reveal information about another person).
You can access a copy of personal data we collect about you on WeChat by using our "Export Personal Data" tool within WeChat. To do this, you can go to the "Me" > "Settings" > "My Information & Authorizations" and select "Export Personal Data". This includes the categories of personal data we collect, including personal account data, contacts data, data from your use of Moments, data related to your favorites, and location and log-in data. For more information on exporting your data, please visit our FAQ for Data Export located in the WeChat Help Center.
You also have the right to correct that information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
You can access and correct your Personal Information by logging into your WeChat account at any time. For example, you can delete certain Location Data via your device settings or the "Clear Location" option within WeChat.
If you want us to correct your Personal Information that you are unable to correct using your account, please complete the request form here.
Where we agree to correct your Personal Information, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can rectify the Personal Information too.
Erasure
You can delete your account, or remove certain Personal Information, by logging into your WeChat account and following the account deletion instructions here. Subsequent to account deletion, aggregated registration data is retained for spam prevention and systems security purposes.
Note that we will not be able to delete your account if you have a positive balance in your Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay account or are the administrator of an Official Account or Mini Program.
If there is any other Personal Information you believe we process that you would like us to erase, please complete the request form here.
You may request that we erase the Personal Information we hold about you where:
- you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold your Personal Information;
- we obtained your consent to process the Personal Information and you withdraw that consent (and we have no other valid legal grounds for processing the Personal Information);
- you believe we are unlawfully processing your Personal Information; or
- you are or were a Minor when we collected the Personal Information and we can verify this.
You may exercise your right to restrict our processing your Personal Information (as described below) whilst we consider a request to erase your data.
We may retain the Personal Information if there are valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims, freedom of expression or some other legal obligation) but we will let you know if that is the case.
Where you have requested that we erase your Personal Information that we have made public and there are valid legal grounds for erasure, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can erase it too.
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
You have a right to require us to stop processing your Personal Information other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances. However, we may process it if there are other valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims or for another's protection).
Where we agree to stop processing the Personal Information, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can stop processing it too.
You may request we stop processing and just store the Personal Information we hold about you where:
- you believe the Personal Information is not accurate (for the period it takes for us to verify whether it is accurate);
- we wish to erase the Personal Information as the processing is now unlawful (but you want us to retain the Personal Information and just store it instead); or
- we wish to erase the Personal Information as it is no longer necessary for our purposes (but you require it to be stored for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims).
Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of certain of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This comprises any Personal Information we process on the basis of your consent (e.g., Shared Information and content saved to Favorites) or pursuant to our contract with you (e.g., profile data), as described in the section "How do we use your information?". You can exercise your right to export your data by following the instructions here.
You also have the right to request that we transfer that Personal Information to another party. If you wish for us to transfer the Personal Information to a third party, please ensure you provide details of such party. Note that we can only make such transfers where it is technically feasible. We are not responsible for the security of the Personal Information or its processing once received by the third party.
Objection
You may object to our use of your Personal Information that we use on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g., when we use your Personal Information to ensure account security). If you object to such processing, please complete the request form here.
To the extent provided by applicable laws and regulations, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us by following the instructions set out here.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy. We will update the revised version here along with the "last updated" date, and notify you via WeChat or other means, as appropriate, before the change becomes effective.
12. LANGUAGE
We have provided translations of this Privacy Policy, but in the event of any conflict between the local language version and the English version, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable laws, the English version shall prevail.
Our Representatives in Certain Jurisdictions
| Jurisdiction | Representative | Address | Contact details |
|---|
| Korea | Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa | 152, Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, Korea | Please contact us here |
| Serbia | Karanovic & Partners o.a.d. Beograd | Resavska 23, Belgrade, 11000, Serbia | local.representative@karanovicpartners.com |
| Thailand | Tencent (Thailand) Company Limited | 8 T-One Building, Floor 10th, 11th & 12th (Unit 3-5), Soi Sukhumvit 40, Sukhumvit Road, Khwaeng Phra Khanong, Khet Khlong Toei, Bangkok 10110, Thailand | localrepresentative@tencent.co.th |
| Türkiye | Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı. | Nidakule Ataşehir Kuzey, Begonya Sok. No:3 Kat. 17 D: 162 / 34746 Ataşehir / İstanbul, Türkiye
Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is our data controller representative and its authority is limited to the authorities stipulated under the Law on Protection of Personal Data w. no 6698. Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is not authorized for any other matters such as conduct in WeChat, bans, investigations, civil or criminal complaints.
| tencent@iptech-legal.com |