Information Collection and Use
Plaid is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Plaid collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Website Registration
In order to use some features of this website, users must first complete the registration form. During registration, users are required to give their contact information (name and email address). This information is used to contact users about the topics on our site for which they have expressed interest and to enable users to retrieve lost passwords.
Cookies
Plaid may use cookies to remember if users have logged in while on our site. This allows website users to avoid logging in more than once, thereby saving time. Users have the option of disabling or not accepting cookies by changing the preferences on their browsers. If users opt to disable cookies, they will still be able to use our website, though some functionality may be limited. No personally identifiable information is collected with the cookies that we set.
Web Statistics
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use for reporting and sponsorship purposes. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners, sponsors, and donors. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We only share this information so that we can secure funding to continue providing services at a reasonable price.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Plaid does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information, and we have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Surveys
Occasionally, our site requests information from users via web surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include demographic data, but nothing that can identify any individual person will be collected. Survey results will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Updates
We may also send site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to unsubscribe from service announcements that contain important information about the service. We communicate with users to provide requested services and to discuss issues relating to their accounts via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes, or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update, or remove that personal data. Users can email our Help Desk to change, correct, or remove information.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our home page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by email.