| Privacy PolicyExplore the policyWhat is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?What information do we collect?How do we use your information?How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?How do we share information with third parties?How do the Meta Companies work together?How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights?How long do we keep your information?How do we transfer information?How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?How will you know the Policy has changed?Privacy notice for United States residentsHow to contact Meta with questionsWhy and how we process your informationWhat is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?Effective December 16, 2025 Read the United States Regional Privacy Notice for more details about how we handle Personal Information and how to exercise your rights. Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use Meta Products[1] in the way that’s right for you. In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you. It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can update these settings to shape your experience. Read the full Policy below. Return to top What information do we collect?HighlightsIn this Policy we list the kinds of information we collect. Here are some important ones. We collect:
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our Products[3]. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you ask AI at Meta to write a joke for you. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you even if you don't have an account[4]. Here's the information we collect: Your activity and information you provideOn our Products[3], you can send messages, take photos and videos, buy or sell things and much more. We call all of the things you can do on our Products "activity." We collect your activity across our Products and information you provide[5], such as:
Information with special protectionsYou might choose to provide information about your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership. These and other types of information could have special protections under the laws of your jurisdiction. Friends, followers and other connectionsInformation we collect about your friends, followers and other connectionsWe collect information about friends, followers, groups, accounts, Facebook Pages and other users and communities you’re connected to and interact with on and off Meta Products[3]. This includes how you interact with them across our Products and which ones you interact with the most. Information we collect about contacts and connectionsWe also collect your contacts’ or connections’ information, such as their name and email address or phone number, if you choose to upload or import it from a device[11], like by syncing an address book. Information we collect or infer about you based on others’ activityWe also infer things about you based on others' activity. For example:
App, browser and device informationWe collect and receive information from and about the different devices[11] you use and how you use them. Device information we collect and receive includes:
Information from partners, vendors and other third partiesWhat kinds of information do we collect or receive?We collect and receive information from partners[21], measurement vendors, marketing vendors and other third parties[22] about a variety of your information and activities on and off our Products[3]. Here are some examples of information we receive about you:
Partners[2] also share information like your email address, cookies[20] and advertising device ID with us. This helps us match your activities with your account, if you have one. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products. Learn more about how we connect information from partners to your account. Partners also share with us their communications with you if they instruct us to provide services to their business, like helping them manage their communications. To learn how a business processes or shares your information, read their privacy policy or contact them directly. How do we collect or receive this information from partners?Partners use our Business Tools, integrations and Meta Audience Network technologies to share information with us. These partners collect your information when you visit their site or app or use their services, or through other businesses or organizations they work with. We require partners to have the right to collect, use and share your information before giving it to us. What if you don’t let us collect certain information?Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.Learn more[23] What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals. 2 PartnerA person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services 3 What Products does this Policy cover?4 Information we collect and receive if you use or interact with our Products but don’t have an account Even if you don't have an account, you may interact with or use Meta Products[3]. Then we collect things like:
We also receive information using cookies and similar technologies, like the Meta Pixel or Social Plugins, when you visit other websites and apps that use our Business Tools or other Meta Products. Read more about information we receive from partners, vendors and other third parties in this policy and in our Cookies Policy. Examples of why we collect and receive informationSecurity of our ProductsFor example, we collect information to monitor attempted attacks on our systems, such as overloading our servers with traffic. Also, if we see someone without an account trying to load too many pages, they could be trying to scrape our site in violation of our terms. Then we can take action to prevent it. Safety and integrityWe can take action according to our Community Standards against someone without an account interacting with Meta Products. For example, we can share information with law enforcement when we believe there is a genuine risk of death or imminent bodily harm. AdvertisingFor example, you may also see ads for the Meta Company Products shown through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps if we can’t recognize you as a registered user of the Meta Products. PerformanceFor example, we collect information when people use our Products, even if they don’t have an account, to measure how fast our pages load in different countries and whether they're working properly. This helps us identify and fix issues with local networks. 5 Information you provideFor example, when you create a Facebook account, you must provide some information, like a password and your email address or phone number. You might choose to add other details to your account, like a profile photo or payment information. We also collect information you provide when you:
6 What we collect from our camera featureJosé likes using Instagram’s Camera feature to take pictures of his flower garden. We collect information about how José uses the Camera feature. For example, if he chooses a background effect for the photo he’s about to take, we collect information from the camera so we can apply the effect to his photo. How filters, effects, masks and avatars workIf you use our camera or allow access to photos and videos, on certain Meta Products you can add filters, effects, masks or avatars. Some of these features process parts of faces or bodies within the camera frame, photo or video. Then they can do things like fit a mask correctly over the eyes, nose and mouth. The information we use for this process is used to create the feature. It’s not used to identify you. What we collect from voice-enabled featuresRen tells Meta’s voice-enabled Assistant to take a photo on smart glasses. A visual indicator shows that Assistant is activated and listening for Ren’s command. We collect this voice interaction, which includes any background sound that occurs when Ren says the command. Collecting Ren’s voice interactions lets us provide and, depending on Ren’s settings, improve the Assistant feature. 7 Metadata
8 Information you or others exchange with AI at MetaAcross Meta Company Products, you can interact with Meta’s generative AI features and experiences, collectively called AI at Meta. We collect information when you or others use, or exchange information with, AI at Meta, such as:
9 Apps and features you use, and how you use themFor example, we log:
10 Purchases or other transactionsWe collect information when you use our Products to buy or sell things or make or receive financial transactions. Some examples are:
What we collect from transactionsWhen you use our Products to buy or sell things or make or receive financial transactions, including payments using Meta Pay or in Marketplace, Shops or groups, or use other Meta checkout experiences, we collect information about your purchase or other financial transactions, like:
Why we collect this informationWe collect and store this information to facilitate your purchase, receipt of payments and other financial transactions, to personalize your experience on our Products, for advertising and to allow you to access and view your payment and transaction history, where available. And, depending on your choices, we store this information to provide you faster and easier payment and financial transactions experiences. More in the Privacy Policy11 DeviceDevices include computers, phones, hardware, connected TVs, Meta Quest and other web-connected devices. 12 When we collect information based on others’ activityFor example, we collect information about you on Meta Products when others:
13 What device you’re using, and other device characteristicsWe collect device information like:
14 Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Identifiers we collect include device IDs, mobile advertiser ID or IDs from games, apps or accounts you use. We also collect Family Device IDs or other identifiers unique to Meta Company Products associated with the same device or account. 15 Device signalsDevice signals include GPS, Bluetooth signals, nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons and cell towers. 16 Related metadataFor example, if you give us permission to access your device’s camera roll, we collect metadata. This metadata is from and about your photos and videos and includes the date and time they were made. We use this to do things like remind you when you have new photos to upload. 17 IP addressStands for "internet protocol address." It’s a unique number assigned to a device, like a phone or computer, that allows it to communicate over the internet. Numbers are assigned according to standard guidelines, or protocols. Just like you need a mailing address to receive a letter from a friend, your device needs an IP address to receive information on the internet. 18 Information about the network you connect your device to and your internet connectionInformation about your network and connection includes:
One reason we collect this information is to make your experience better. For example, if we know that your phone and TV are connected to the same network, we can help you use your phone to control a video stream on your TV. More in the Privacy Policy19 Information about our Products’ performance on your deviceWe collect device information to prevent, diagnose, troubleshoot and fix errors and bugs. This includes how long the app was running, what model of device you were using and other performance and diagnostic information. 20 Information from cookies and similar technologiesCookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. We use cookies and similar technologies, including data that we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device and other software, Social Plugins and the Meta Pixel. They help us provide, protect and improve our Products, such as by personalizing content, tailoring and measuring ads and providing a safer experience. We collect information from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings. 21 Types of partnersPartnersOur partners[2] use our Products, including our Business Tools and other technologies that allow businesses to advertise or support their products. Business Tools also help our partners understand and measure how people are using their products and services and how well their ads are working. For example, they might put one of our Business Tools, the Meta Pixel, on their website. Or they might use Meta Audience Network tools to monetize their apps by showing ads from businesses that advertise on Facebook. Integrated partnersIntegrated partners[24] also use our Products, specifically the technologies that help you make a connection to them. For example, you might log into their app or website using Facebook Login. Or you might play their game on Facebook, which we call an integration because you can play without leaving our app. Who are our partners and integrated partners?Here are some examples:
22 Other third parties we get information fromSome people, businesses, organizations and bodies share information with Meta but don’t necessarily use our Products. We collect and receive information from these other third parties[25], including:
Third-party public sourcesWe get datasets from publicly available sources, research institutions, data providers and professional and non-profit groups. We use these datasets to:
More in the Privacy Policy23 What happens if you don’t let us collect certain informationFor example, if you don’t provide your email address, phone number or age, we won’t be able to create an account for you to use our Products. Or you can choose not to add Facebook friends, but then your Facebook Feed won’t show friends’ photos and status updates. 24 Integrated partnerA partner who uses technologies that help you make a connection to them through our Products, including plugins, login, checkout experiences, instant games, and other such integrations 25 Third partyA person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies How do we use your information?HighlightsHere are some of the ways we use your information:
We use information we collect to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads, along with the other purposes we explain in detail below. For some of these purposes, we use information across our Products[26] and across your devices[27]. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use manual review[28] to access and review your information. To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section. Here are the ways we use your information: To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information with special protections you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads. Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products: How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial contentWhen you use our Products, you see ads and sponsored or commercial content, like product listings in Shops. Meta personalizes your ads on and across Meta Company Products. You also see ads shown through Meta Audience Network or commercial content when you visit other apps. We use your information to show you ads paid for by advertisers, businesses, and organizations. We want everything you see to be interesting and useful to you. To decide what to show you and others, we use information we have about you, including:
We also use information that's been de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized so that it no longer identifies individuals, to show you ads. Learn more about some of the ways we show you ads that we think may be interesting to you, including using machine learning. Take controlManage Ad preferencesHow we use information to improve Meta ProductsWe’re always trying to make Meta Products better and create new ones with the features you want. Information we collect from you helps us learn how. For example, we use information we collect to:
How we use location-related informationWe use location-related information that you allow us to receive if you turn on the Location Services device setting. This includes things like your GPS location and, depending on the operating system you're using, other device signals[31]. We also receive and use some location-related information even if Location Services is turned off. This includes:
We use location-related information, such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go and the businesses and people you're near, to do the things described in the “How do we use your information?” section of the Policy, like:
Take controlManage location settingsTo promote safety, security and integrityWe use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.Learn more To provide measurement, analytics and business servicesLots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.Learn more To communicate with youWe communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile. Learn more To research and innovate for social goodWe use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.Learn more Promoting safety, security and integrityHere are some ways we promote safety, security and integrity. We work to:
Providing measurement, analytics and business servicesTo provide measurement and analytics services, we use the information we collect about you across your accounts on our Products.
We also use the information we collect to provide business services. More in the Privacy PolicyCommunicating with youWe communicate with you in a few different ways. For example:
We also use information about how you interact with our messages, like if you open an email from us. This helps us understand the best way to reach you and whether our communications are helpful. Take controlResearching and innovating for social goodWe research and innovate to help people around the world. Our goals include:
Here are some examples of our research:
26 Using information across our Products
If you add accounts to the same Accounts Center, we also use your information to offer connected experiences and improve your experiences across accounts. See an example.[39] Take controlManage accounts27 Why we use information across devicesOne reason we use your information across devices[40] is to help us give you a more personalized experience. For example, we might show you an ad on your phone, and later you might use your laptop to click on the ad and buy the product. By combining that information across your devices, we can understand what ads are relevant to you and help businesses measure how well their ad performed. 28 Manual reviewExamples of when we use manual review
Who reviews this information29 What Products does this Policy cover?30 Your activity on our ProductsFor example, William checks into a local bakery on Facebook, so later we might show him ads on Instagram for other local bakeries. Your activity on third-party websites and apps, depending on your settingsFor example, Jane buys a pair of shoes from an online shoe store or in an online chat with a shoe seller. The seller shares Jane’s activity with us using our Business Tools, subject to our Business Tools Terms. Later, Jane sees an ad on Instagram for a discount on her next shoe purchase from the online store. If she doesn't want to see ads from this shoe store again, she can hide them in her Advertisers setting. Or if she doesn’t want us to show her any ads based on her activity on other websites and apps, she can make sure that this setting is turned off in her Ad preferences. Topics we think you might be interested inFor example, Jon likes several Facebook Pages about famous musicians, so we think he has an interest in "music." Based on this interest, we might show him an ad for a local record shop or an online music publication. Your connectionsFor example, Fiona’s friend likes an Instagram account for a local art fair. Based on her friend’s activity, we might show Fiona an ad for the art fair. 31 Other device signals we receiveWe receive different types of device signals from different operating systems. They include things like nearby Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections. 32 IP addressStands for "internet protocol address." It’s a unique number assigned to a device, like a phone or computer, that allows it to communicate over the internet. Numbers are assigned according to standard guidelines, or protocols. Just like you need a mailing address to receive a letter from a friend, your device needs an IP address to receive information on the internet. 33 Personalizing ads for you and othersFor example, Marcus is going on a trip and wants to use Find Wi-Fi to find free, public Wi-Fi at the airport. He has turned on Location Services on his device and allowed location access on the Facebook app, so we can use his GPS information to help him find the most relevant public Wi-Fi networks. We’ll also use this information to show him ads for local businesses near the airport. Later, Marcus turns off Location Services before he lands, so we don’t collect his GPS information anymore. Later on his trip, he opens the Facebook app, and we can use the IP address we receive to estimate Marcus’ general location and show him ads for businesses nearby. 34 Helping to keep your account secureFor example, we use information about the locations you normally log in from, combined with other information, to detect suspicious activity. So if we detect an attempt to log into your account from a new location, we can check that it’s really you. 35 PartnerA person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services 36 Information we provide about different types of peopleFor example, we might tell an advertiser that their ad was seen by women aged 25–34 who live in Madrid and like software engineering. 37 Third partyA person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies 38 Providing more personalized features, content and suggestions across our ProductsFor example we can:
39 Using your information if you add accounts to the same Accounts CenterFor example, if you follow your favorite team on Instagram, we can more easily suggest that you follow that team’s Page on Facebook. 40 DeviceDevices include computers, phones, hardware, connected TVs, Meta Quest and other web-connected devices. 41 Service providerA person, business, organization or body that provides services to Meta or to our users on behalf of Meta. For example, our service providers do things like investigate suspicious activity and provide customer support. How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?Highlights
On Meta ProductsPeople and accounts you share and communicate withWhen you share and communicate using our Products, you can sometimes choose the audience[43] for what you share. When you interact with people or businesses, they can see: What you share with themFor example, the audience you choose can see when you:
What you communicate with themPeople you interact with can see what you send to them. So if you send a person or a business a message on Messenger or Instagram, that person or business can read your message. Some of your activityPeople and businesses can also see some of your activity on our Products. This includes when you:
When you’re activeSome of our Products might provide you with settings that allow others to see when you're active on our Products, such as “active status.” In some cases, we also offer settings that allow others to see when you’re active in a particular section of one of our Products, like a message thread, game or event, or when you last used one of our Products. When you interact with a supervised userSome accounts are supervised[44]. When you interact with a supervised user, their parent or guardian can see some of your activity and information. This can include information like your username, profile picture and if the supervised user blocked you. On some Products, the supervised user can let their parent or guardian know if they reported you. Public contentWhat content is public?Some of your information and activity are always public. This includes your:
Other content you can choose to set to Public, like posts, photos and videos you post to your profile, Stories or Reels. Who can see public content?When content is public, it can be seen by anyone on or across our Products, and in some cases off our Products, even if they don’t have an account. For example, if you comment on Marketplace, a Facebook Page or a public Instagram account, or if you leave a rating or review, your comment, rating or review will be visible to anyone. It could appear in any of our Products or be seen by anyone, including off our Products. Where can public content be shared?We, you and people using our Products can send public content (like your profile photo, or information you share on a Facebook Page or public Instagram account) to anyone on, across or off our Products. For example, users can share it in a public forum, or it can appear in search results on the internet or our research tools. Public content can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services, like:
Search engines and other third parties use this information according to their own terms and policies, not Meta’s. Take controlManage public informationWith integrated partnersYou can choose to connect with integrated partners[47] who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity. These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information: When you use an integrated partner’s product or serviceInformation they receive automaticallyWhen you use an integrated partner’s products or services, they can access:
Information they receive with your permissionSometimes these integrated partners ask you for permission to access certain additional information from your Facebook, Instagram or Messenger account. In their request, they’ll explain what information they’d like to access and let you choose whether to share it. On Facebook, this includes things like your email address, hometown or birthday. On Instagram, this includes content, like photos and videos, that you’ve shared from your account when the account was set to private. We automatically log when you receive a request from an integrated partner to access your information. These requests to access information are separate from the Apps and Websites access that you manage in your Facebook or Instagram Ad settings or in your mobile device settings. How long they can access your informationApps or websites you’ve logged into using Facebook Login or connected to your Instagram account can access your nonpublic information on Meta Products unless it appears to us that you haven’t used the app or website in 90 days. Note that even if an app’s access to your information has expired, it can still retain information you shared with it previously. We encourage you to visit your Apps and Websites settings from time to time to review which apps and websites continue to have access to your information through Facebook Login or Instagram. Take controlManage apps and websitesWhen you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or serviceIntegrated partners receive information about your activity when you interact with other Facebook, Instagram or Messenger users while they’re using the integrated partner’s product or service. For example, a gamer livestreams to Facebook using a partner app. Then you comment on that livestream. The app developer will receive information about your comment. How integrated partners handle your informationIntegrated partners handle the information you share with them according to their own terms and policies, not Meta’s. You can review their privacy policy on their website or app to learn how they receive and process your information. In some cases, they use a separate service provider to receive and process your information. More resources42 What Products does this Policy cover?43 Choosing an audienceOn Facebook, the audience can be made up of:
On Instagram, you can set the audience for what you share by choosing between a private or public account. With a private account, only followers you approve can see what you share. With a public account, your posts and other content on Instagram can be seen by anyone, on or off our Products, including if they don’t have an account. You can restrict the audience for your content by blocking individual accounts from viewing them. You can also create a close friends list for certain types of content that only the people on that list can see. Take controlAudience settings are different from app permissionsYour audience settings are different from the permissions you give to individual apps and websites to access your information. Read our policy about how you may share information with integrated partners. 44 SupervisionSupervision provides supervisors chosen by a teen, like parents and guardians, with tools and insights to help support a teen account. 45 Information you or others exchange with AI at MetaAcross Meta Company Products, you can interact with Meta’s generative AI features and experiences, collectively called AI at Meta. We collect information when you or others use, or exchange information with, AI at Meta, such as:
46 Search enginesYou can visit your privacy settings to control whether search engines can show your profile or public photos and videos in search results outside of Meta. Some public content might still be accessible through search engines, for example:
47 Integrated partnerA partner who uses technologies that help you make a connection to them through our Products, including plugins, login, checkout experiences, instant games, and other such integrations 48 When an integrated partner might receive your informationFor example, you might use your Facebook login to play an online game with your Facebook friends. The game developer automatically receives information about your activities in the game. When an integrated partner might receive your informationOr you might use the Facebook Like button on an article posted on a news website. The website developer automatically receives information about your Like on their article. 49 Sharing friends listsWhen you share your friends listIf you use Facebook Login to log into an app, the app developer might request access to your list of Facebook friends. Here's what happens if you give the app developer permission to view these lists:
When your friends share their friends listYour friends might choose to share their friends lists with app developers through Facebook Login. But your friends can’t use Facebook Login to share nonpublic information about you. How do the Meta Companies work together?Highlights
We are part of the Meta Companies that provide Meta Company Products. Meta Company Products include all the Meta Products[60] covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more. We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies. Learn more about how we transfer information to other countries. We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a service provider[61] for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms. Why we share across the Meta CompaniesMeta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
More resources60 What Products does this Policy cover?61 Service providerA person, business, organization or body that provides services to Meta or to our users on behalf of Meta. For example, our service providers do things like investigate suspicious activity and provide customer support. 62 Why we share across the Meta CompaniesPromoting safety, security and integrity and complying with applicable lawFor example, we share information with Meta Companies that provide financial products and services to help them promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable law. This includes:
For these purposes, we might share your name, email address, who you’re friends with and other account information within the Meta Companies. Developing and providing features and integrationsFor example, where available in your country, you can choose to use certain integrations that connect your WhatsApp experiences with other Meta Company Products. These integrations let you do things like:
We also share information with Meta Companies to support innovation. For example, your videos can help train our products to recognize objects, like trees, or activities, like when a dog chases a ball. They can also help train tools that let people and businesses create content, like images and videos. This technology is used to help us offer new products or features in the future. Understanding how people use our productsWe count the number of unique users, monthly active users and daily active users on our products. This information helps us understand the community using our products and publicly share important trends about how our products are used. How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights?Highlights
We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your information below. You can also manage your information by visiting the settings of the Products you use. You may also have other privacy rights under applicable laws. To exercise your rights, visit our Help Centers, your settings for Facebook and Instagram and your device-based settings. View and manage your informationPort, download or delete your informationYou can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram, and in the Facebook Help Center. If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below. In some countries, you may also be able to contact the Data Protection Officer for Meta Platforms, Inc., and depending on your jurisdiction, you may also contact your local Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) directly. 63 Manage the ads you see on our ProductsManage Meta ads you see off our ProductsWe advertise our own products and services on non-Meta ad platforms. We use marketing vendors to deliver these ads. If we use your activity on our Products to tailor these ads, you can opt out of this type of use.
64 Port your information65 Delete your information or accountTo delete your information, you can:
How long does it take to delete your information?If you request that we delete your account or content, it may take up to 90 days to delete your information after we begin the account deletion process or receive a content deletion request. After the information is deleted, it may take us up to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery. If you leave your deleted content in your trash on Facebook or your Recently Deleted folder on Instagram, the deletion process will begin automatically in 30 days. Or you can start the deletion process right away by deleting the content from your trash or Recently Deleted folder. How long do we keep your information?Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time. Read our Policy[69] about when we may preserve your information. 66 If we need it to operate or provide our ProductsFor example, we keep profile information, photos you’ve posted (and not deleted) and security information for the lifetime of your account. And when you search for something on Facebook, we keep your search history until you clear the search in your activity log or delete your account. Once you clear a search or delete your account, it will no longer be visible to you, and it will be deleted[70]. But even if you don’t clear your search or delete your account, within six months of your search we delete information about that search that isn’t necessary to show you your search history, like information about the device you were using, or your location. 67 The feature we use it for, and how that feature worksFor example, May is planning a surprise party for Yang. She sends Cynthia the party details in Messenger using vanish mode so that the message will disappear. The message will no longer be visible to May once she leaves the chat, and Cynthia will see the message only the first time she opens the chat thread. After Cynthia reads the message, the content is deleted after one hour. If Cynthia never reads it, it’s deleted after 14 days. 68 How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligationsFor example, we retain information for as long as we need it for:
69 Why we may preserve your information longerYour information, including financial transaction data related to purchases or money transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for a longer time period if it’s related to any of the following:
In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasons even after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. We may also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and content that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies. 70 Delete your information or accountTo delete your information, you can:
How long does it take to delete your information?If you request that we delete your account or content, it may take up to 90 days to delete your information after we begin the account deletion process or receive a content deletion request. After the information is deleted, it may take us up to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery. If you leave your deleted content in your trash on Facebook or your Recently Deleted folder on Instagram, the deletion process will begin automatically in 30 days. Or you can start the deletion process right away by deleting the content from your trash or Recently Deleted folder. 71 Examples of why we might preserve your informationTo respond to a legal requestFor example, we might preserve your information after you delete your account when we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account. To comply with applicable lawFor example, we preserve certain information about purchases or transactions associated with an account, in line with Meta’s accounting obligations. For safety, security and integrity purposesFor example, if we disable an account for violating our terms or policies, we preserve information about that user to prevent them from opening a new account. We also might preserve some of your account information as part of our review of suspicious activity. This includes any suspicious activity associated with our financial products, like suspected money laundering or terrorist funding. For litigationWe may preserve your information where we deem it necessary for reasons related to a legal claim or complaint. For example, we may be required to defend ourselves in legal proceedings in a claim related to your information. How do we transfer information?Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?We share the information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers, and externally with our partners[72], measurement vendors[73], service providers[74] and other third parties[75]. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary for a variety of reasons, including:
Where is information transferred? Your information will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in:
How do we safeguard your information?We also make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place whenever we transfer your information. For example, we encrypt your information when it’s in transit over public networks to protect it from unauthorized access. 72 PartnerA person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services 73 Measurement vendorA third party that creates reports to help advertisers understand how their content and ads are performing. These reports also measure whether people took an action after seeing an ad. 74 Service providerA person, business, organization or body that provides services to Meta or to our users on behalf of Meta. For example, our service providers do things like investigate suspicious activity and provide customer support. 75 Third partyA person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies 76 What Products does this Policy cover?77 Mechanisms we use for global data transfersWe rely on appropriate mechanisms for international data transfers. For example, for information we collect:
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
78 Third partyA person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies 79 When we respond to legal requestsWe respond to legal requests where we’re required by law to do so, and at times where we're not compelled by law, but a response:
80 What Products does this Policy cover?81 How we promote safety, security and integrityWe share your information with law enforcement, government authorities, Meta Companies and other third parties (including industry peers) when we have a good faith belief it’s necessary to detect, prevent and address a variety of situations, such as:
82 Why we may preserve your information longerYour information, including financial transaction data related to purchases or money transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for a longer time period if it’s related to any of the following:
In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasons even after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. We may also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and content that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies. 83 Unauthorized use of our ProductsFor example, if you unlawfully collect and use Facebook user data, we may share your information to defend ourselves against claims or in litigation. 84 Violations of our terms and policiesFor example, if you post threatening or harmful content, we may share your information across the Meta Companies to protect ourselves and others. This can include blocking your access to certain features or disabling your account across the Meta Companies. 85 Examples of why we might preserve your informationTo respond to a legal requestFor example, we might preserve your information after you delete your account when we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account. To comply with applicable lawFor example, we preserve certain information about purchases or transactions associated with an account, in line with Meta’s accounting obligations. For safety, security and integrity purposesFor example, if we disable an account for violating our terms or policies, we preserve information about that user to prevent them from opening a new account. We also might preserve some of your account information as part of our review of suspicious activity. This includes any suspicious activity associated with our financial products, like suspected money laundering or terrorist funding. For litigationWe may preserve your information where we deem it necessary for reasons related to a legal claim or complaint. For example, we may be required to defend ourselves in legal proceedings in a claim related to your information. How will you know the Policy has changed?We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.Return to top Privacy notice for United States residentsYou can learn more about the consumer privacy rights that may be available to you by reviewing the United States Regional Privacy Notice.Return to top How to contact Meta with questionsYou can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram and in the Facebook Help Center. If you have questions about this Policy or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below. Meta Platforms, Inc. ATTN: Privacy Operations 1 Meta Way Menlo Park, CA 94025 Why and how we process your informationThe categories of information we use, and why and how information is processed, are set out below: Personalizing Meta Products Why and how we process your information: Personalizing the Meta Products[86]: Our systems automatically process information we've collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalized experiences on and across the Meta Company Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Associating your accounts Why and how we process your information: If you decide to add a WhatsApp account to an Accounts Center with other accounts on Meta Company Products:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following: Providing and improving Meta Products Why and how we process your information: Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
We also use information to develop, research and test improvements to Meta Products. We use information we have to:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Developing and improving AI at Meta Why and how we process your information: Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Promoting safety, integrity and security Why and how we process your information: Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to research and help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them, on and off Meta Products. We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Communicating with you Why and how we process your information: To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We also use contact information like your email address to respond when you contact us. Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally Why and how we process your information: Transferring, storing or processing your information across borders, including from and to the United States and other countries: We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners[91], third parties[92] and service providers[93]. Because Meta is global, with users, partners, vendors and employees around the world, transfers are necessary:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections Why and how we process your information: Processing information subject to special protections under applicable laws that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalize and improve our Products and to undertake analytics. We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual (human), processing for these purposes. Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Using information from third parties for personalizing ads Why and how we process your information: Receiving and using information from third parties to tailor the ads you see: We’ll use information that advertisers, businesses and other partners provide us about activity off Meta Company Products that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on our Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products. See the Cookies Policy for more information. Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Sharing information with third parties at your request Why and how we process your information: Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request: The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share. For example:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Providing measurement, analytics and business services Why and how we process your information: Providing measurement, analytics and business services: Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Providing a seamless experience Why and how we process your information: Sharing of information across the Meta Companies:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Business intelligence and analytics Why and how we process your information: Business intelligence and analytics:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalizing ads on Meta Audience Network Why and how we process your information: Identifying you as a Meta Product user and personalizing the ads we show you through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Providing marketing communications Why and how we process your information: Providing marketing communications to you:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research and innovation for social good Why and how we process your information: Research and innovate for social good:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Anonymizing your information Why and how we process your information: Anonymizing your information In some cases, we anonymize information we have associated with you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads. Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Sharing information with others including law enforcement to respond to legal requests Why and how we process your information: Sharing information with others, including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others. The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information when required by law Why and how we process your information: For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information such as a search warrant, we will access, preserve and/or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others. The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more. "Information for Law Enforcement Authorities" provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow. Information categories we use (see 'What Information do we collect?' for more detail on each information category). The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following: The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be shared or otherwise processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
86 What Products does this Policy cover?87 How our ads system worksOur ads system works in the following way:
88 Metadata
89 DeviceDevices include computers, phones, hardware, connected TVs, Meta Quest and other web-connected devices. 90 IP addressStands for "internet protocol address." It’s a unique number assigned to a device, like a phone or computer, that allows it to communicate over the internet. Numbers are assigned according to standard guidelines, or protocols. Just like you need a mailing address to receive a letter from a friend, your device needs an IP address to receive information on the internet. 91 PartnerA person, business, organization or body using or integrating our Products to advertise, market or support their products and services 92 Third partyA person, business, organization or body that is not part of the Meta Companies 93 Service providerA person, business, organization or body that provides services to Meta or to our users on behalf of Meta. For example, our service providers do things like investigate suspicious activity and provide customer support. |