Bloons TD Battles 2+ Privacy Policy
Bloons TD Battles 2+ Privacy Policy
Updated Nov 22, 2023
Ninja Kiwi is committed to making our games both fun and safe to use, and we are committed to international best practices regarding the collection and minimal use of both anonymous and personally identifiable information (PII), in ways that are fully compliant with international standards such as GDPR, COPPA, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and others.
Our Privacy Policy for the game Bloons TD Battles 2+ is extremely streamlined, child-safe, and PII-safe. Bloons TD Battles 2+ only uses Game Center for player name login, as covered by Apple’s privacy policy, and players not logged into Game Center will use game-generated safe names. Bloons TD Battles 2+ contains no Ninja Kiwi or 3rd party login functions, no text entry, and no 3rd party or other systems that allow the player to transmit to Ninja Kiwi any personally identifiable information. Going further, there are no advertising systems that collect, transmit, or store any player behavior or advertising identifiers. Because of this conservative privacy approach, there is no difference in data handling between child-age accounts and older-age accounts.
If a player gives consent to online communication, Bloons TD Battles 2+ contains multiplayer play which is conducted via Ninja Kiwi managed relay servers. The game will pass game state, gameplay events, Game Center names and safe names as well as the player IP to these servers and on to the other player. IP information is PII, but this information is only used for gameplay and is never stored. Score verification data is collected for the sole purpose of legitimating leaderboard scores but they are immediately validated and then deleted, and this data is never stored. Any access to non-identifiable information via GameKit, Game Center, and Ninja Kiwi managed server relays occurs in the legitimate interests of providing multiplayer play and in order to provide support for the internal operations of the multiplayer play. Parents, guardians, and players may disable multiplayer play, which will prevent access to all online games and events. To do this on iOS and iPadOS, go to Settings > Screen Time > Content & Privacy Restrictions > Content Restrictions. On this screen, you can set “Multiplayer Games” to “Don’t Allow.” Offline game progression contains no PII and is stored in the player's iCloud storage. Online progression is stored on Ninja Kiwi managed servers, contains no PII and all data stored is cleared after 2 years of inactivity.
Bloons TD Battles 2+ does contain player chosen content in Clans. The design of a clan island is chosen from a fixed layout and a curated list of assets by the clan leader based on clan feedback. Communication within the clan is performed through emoji reactions, there is no text entry, all content is given safe names, and only Game Center player names appear to other Game Center players; all other players are given safe names. Clans is a multiplayer component of the game and is controlled by Game Center multiplayer access and will not appear if multiplayer restrictions are on.
If players contact Ninja Kiwi support via support@ninjakiwi.com for an issue with Bloons TD Battles 2+, we do record the contact email so that we can reply to the support ticket when resolved. For any Bloons TD Battles 2+ support tickets, any and all player information (email, browser information, and/or player id) is deleted once the ticket is closed.
Feel free to contact us about any questions regarding Ninja Kiwi, Bloons TD Battles 2+, or our policies at privacy@ninjakiwi.com.